
I-I-I-I'm an alien from outer space (outer space)
I'm a cybergirl without a face, a heart, or a mind
(I'm a product of metal, I'm a product of the man)
See see see see see, I'm a slave girl without a race (without a face)
On the run cause they hate our ways and chase my kind
(They've come to destroy me)


And I think to myself
(Impossibly, they're gunning for me)
Wait, it's impossible
Now they're gunning for me (and the Pawn is after you)
And now they're after you (for loving, too)

And all the sirens go dooodooo
(Sirens go doodoodooodoo doodooodoodoooo)
Doodooooo doodoooo doodooooo
Ohhh baby! Ooh, you know the rules
I love you and I won't take no for an answer

They say that Violet Stars will set you free (set you free)
When you're running lost and alone (Follow them down)
Up Neon Valley streets (up Neon Valley streets)
A pretty day makes a pretty picture (pretty picture)
But fall in love and they're coming to getcha
Who knew 10 men with guns were at the door (at the door)
The droid control! (The Droid Control, The Droid Control!)

(Impossibly, they're gunning for me)
Wait, that's impossible that they're gunning for me (and now the Pawn is after you)
And now they're after you (for loving, too)
Baby, I hear the sirens go dooodooooo
(Sirens go doodoodooodoo doodooodoodoooo)
Doodooooo doodoooo doodooooo
Come on Baby, 'cause here they come now (you know the rules)

(I see it, go this way go this way go this wayout the window)
(Out the window! Don't let it get out the window!)
Alllll my cyboys and cybergirls! Get Up if you gon' get down!
Citizens, pull your pants UP, and cyborgs pull your pants down!
Down yo' ankles and show yo' rust, shake yo' chain - you know it's a must!
Now, oh, uh, Cindy Mayweather
Get on up here and just, baby, lemme just see ya Squeak!

And I love my baby so (impossibly, they're gunning for me)
I said I love my baby so (and now the Pawn is after you)
And he loves me too (for loving, too)
He loves me too, he loves me too!
(Sirens go doodoodooodoo doodooodoodoooo)
Doooodoooodooooo
I said oh! (You know the rules) I said oh! Oh, baby!
(Impossibly, they're gunning for me, and now the Pawn is after you for loving, too)
(Sirens go doodoodooodoo doodooodoodoooo)

Oh, oh, oh, oww!

Y'all better shut up!
