
Woo. It's Saturday. I'm bout to go out. Oh, I cannot wait.
(I'm getting ready)
Just got me a new outfit. So fresh so clean
(I'm getting ready)


Jump in the shower.
Grab my towel and put my V. secrets on.
(I'm getting ready)
And brush my teeth cuz I'm almost ready to roll.
(I'm getting ready)

Hook
I know I should focus on my school work.
I shouldn't feel the way I do, but I do.
My friends all said that he would be there.
And plus I look real cute.
(I'm getting ready)

I heard the clubs in Atlanta are the sickest...the sickest.
(I'm getting ready)
And now it's time for me to pay a visit...a visit.
I know I won't wake up in time for Sunday
To be in Sunday school...in Sunday school.
I really hope this boy is cool.

Chorus
It's time I fought for love.
I know he'll be there waiting.
Four hundred girls in the room
And I am all he sees.

Enough debating.
I'm sick and tired of waiting.
I grab my petticoat and my ID.
My friends are waiting
Eagerly anticipating.
Gotta get there before midnight cuz it's free.

My heart starts beating fast as we pull closer.
No turning back girl now you've gotta know.
No turning back right now I've gotta know.
(Know, oh, oh)

Well, girl there he is
There's your boy
Can't you see
I bet he's looking around tryna find you
I can't believe I'm here tonight
But wrong or right
I refuse to act scared and ignore you
My heart starts beating fast as you walk over
(oooooooo)
You got me feeling tipsy but I'm sober
(sober...er...er)

Chorus
It's time I fought for love.
I know he'll be there waiting.
Four hundred girls in the room
And I am all he sees.

It's time I fought for love.
I know he'll be there waiting .
Four hundred girls in the room
And I am all he needs.

(Phone rings 2x's)
Hello?
Hey.
Girl. I just woke up
Girl, naw, I had one of the craziest dreams.
I know he's gonna be there. (I know I should focus on my school work)
Scandalous? Girl I am not scandalous. (I shouldn't feel the way I do, but I do) I have a test Tuesday and I cannot miss church tomorrow.
(My friends all said that he would be there.)
No, I told everybody I was coming and I'm gon' be there. (And plus I look real cute)
Listen. Girl, bye. I love you. I will talk to you later. (I know I won't wake up in time for Sunday) Have a good one. Be careful. (To be in Sunday school'in Sunday school)
Bye. Girl, bye. Call me tomorrow after church.
(I really hope this boy is cool)
