
Yeah, yeah, this is my palace, champagne in my chalice
I got it all covered like a wedding band
Wondaland, so my alias is Alice
We gon' start a motherfuckin' pussy riot
Or we gon' have to put 'em on a pussy diet
Look at that, I guarantee I got 'em quiet
Look at that, I guarantee they all inspired
A-town, made it out there
Straight out of Kansas City, yeah we made it out there
Celebrated, graduated, made it pass/fail
Sassy, classy, Kool-Aid with the kale
Momma was a G, she was cleanin' hotels
Poppa was a driver, I was workin' retail
Kept us in the back of the store
We ain't hidden no more, moonlit nigga, lit nigga


Already got a Oscar for the casa
Runnin' down Grammys with the family
Prolly give a Tony to the homies
Prolly get a Emmy dedicated to the
Highly melanated, ArchAndroid orchestrated
Yeah, we highly melanated, ArchAndroid orchestrated

Yeah, Gemini they still jammin'
Box office numbers, and they doin' outstandin'
Runnin' outta space in my damn bandwagon
Remember when they used to say I look too mannish
Black girl magic, y'all can't stand it
Y'all can't ban it, made out like a bandit
They been trying hard just to make us all vanish
I suggest they put a flag on a whole nother planet

Jane Bond, never Jane Doe
And I Django, never Sambo
Black and white, yeah that's always been my camo
It's lookin' like y'all gon' need some more ammo
I cut 'em off, I cut 'em off, I cut 'em off like Van Gogh
Now, pan right for the angle
I got away with murder, no Scandal
Cue the violins and the violas

We gave you life, we gave you birth
We gave you God, we gave you Earth
We fem the future, don't make it worse
You want the world? Well, what's it worth?
Emoticons, Decepticons, and Autobots
Who twist the plot?
Who shot the sheriff, then fled to Paris
In the darkest hour, spoke truth to power?
Made a fandroid outta yo girlfriend
Let's get caught downtown in the whirlwind
And paint the city pink, paint the city pink
And tuck the pearls in, just in case the world end

And nigga, down dawg
Nigga move back, take a seat, you were not involved
And hit the mute button
Let the vagina have a monologue
Mansplaining, I fold em like origami
What's a wave, baby? This a tsunami
For the culture, I kamikaze
I put my life on a life line
If she the G.O.A.T. now, would anybody doubt it?
If she the G.O.A.T. now, would anybody doubt it?
Do anybody got it? Do anybody got it?
I say anybody got it?
