
Hey, look out for my glass up there, man! 
 That's my drink, man, that's my drink, alright... 
 Make it a double, or eh... 
 Somebody has to sing 
 Some body will sing? 
 Somebody will sing, right? 
 (I don't know!) 
 
 Y'all pass me that bottle, 
 And I'll sing you all a real song 
 Yeah! 
 Let me get my key, ahum! 
 
 Well, I'm looking through Harlem 
 my stomach squeal just a little more 
 A stagecoach full of feathers and footprints, 
 pulls up to soap box door 
 Now a lady with a pearl handled necktie 
 Tied to the driver's fence 
 breathes in my face, 
 bourbon and coke possessed words 
 &amp; "Haven't I seen you somewhere in hell, 
 or was it just an accident?" 
 (You know how I felt then, and so:) 
 
 Before I could ask "was it the East or West side?" 
 my feet they howled in pain 
 The wheels of a bandwagon cut very deep, 
 but not as deep in my mind as the rain 
 And as they pulled away I could see her words 
 Stagger and fall on my muddy tent 
 Well I picked them up, brushed them off, 
 to see what they say, 
 and you wouldn't believe: 
 `Come around to my room, with the tooth in the middle, 
 and bring along the bottle and a president' 
 
 And eh sometimes it's not so easy, baby 
 Especially when your only friend, 
 talks, sees, looks and feels like you, 
 and you do just the same as him 
 (Gets very lonely up this road, baby) 
 (Yeah, hmmm, yeah) 
 (Got more to say!) 
 
 Well I'm riding through LA (huh), 
 on a bicycle built for fools 
 And I seen one of my old buddies 
 And he say, "you don't look the way you usually do" 
 I say, "well, some people look like a coin-box" 
 He say, "look like you ain't got no coins to spare" 
 And I laid back and I thought to myself, and I said this: 
 I just picked up my pride from underneath the pay phone, 
 and combed this breath right out of my hair 
 And sometimes it's not so easy 
 Especially when your only friend 
 talk, sees, looks and feels like you, 
 and you do just the same as him 
 
 just got out of a Scandinavian jail, 
 and I'm on my way straight home to you 
 But I feel so dizzy I take a quick look in the mirror, 
 to make sure my friend's here with me too 
 And you know good well I don't drink coffee, 
 so you fill my cup full of sand 
 And the frozen tea leaves on the bottom 
 Sharing lipstick around the broken edge 
 And my coat that you let your dog lay by the fire on 
 And your cat he attacked me from his pill-box ledge 
 And I thought you were my friend too 
 Man, my shadow comes in line before you 
 I'm finding out that it's eh not so easy 
 Specially when your only friend 
 Talks, looks, sees and feels like you, 
 and you do the same just like him 
 
 (Lord it's so lonely here, hmmm, yeah) 
 Yeah! 
 (Pass me that bottle over there...) 
 Yeah, yeah, okay...

