
[Drake]

Kush rolled, glass full, I prefer the better things
n-ggas with no money act like money isnt everything
im having a good time, they just trying to ruin it
shout out to the fact that im the yougest n-gga doing it
cap on, brim bent, Denzel, Larry time (?)
she aint trying to pop that sh-t for pimp okay well never mind,
I I I tried to told you, drizzy still aint nothing nice
Bracelet saying you should quit, (Bracelet = pokers championship prize)
cards saying f-ck ya life
okay now we outta here
toodles to you bitches
and if you dolled up
I got the voodoo for you bitches
im busy getting rich, I dont want trouble
I made enough for two n-ggas boy stunt double
famous like a drug that I've taken too much
I never ever trip
just peace happiness and love
I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug
plus the game is in my pocket, n-gga this is what I does


[Chorus - Drake]
I'm about whatever man..
F-ck what they be talking about,
They opinon doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (oooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night..
whole crews in here
Cause I don't really know who I'mma lose this year (oooh)
Man I love my team. Man I love my team..
I would die for these n-ggas..

[Nicki Minaj]
Yo, Drizzy sayin' get her I'ma get her
I get the kind of money that make a broke bitch bitter
I got that kinda… wait wait fixate!
Which bitch you know made a million off a mixtape?
that was just a keep sake
bought the president the louie presidential briefcase
never been a cheapskate
we got the Hawks I aint talking about the Peach state
man for Petes sake scratch that, sweep stakes
(hahahaha)
f-ck I look like hoe
I look like yes and you like no
Im a bad bitch I aint never been a mixed breed.
I'm on a diet but I'm doing donuts in a six speed
M M M6 from a M2
I see a lot of rap b-tches on a menu
but I collect 100 thou at the venue
lyrics courtesy of www.killerhiphop.com
pop bottles with my team, Young Money till the death of me

[Chorus]

[Bridge - Nicki and Drake talking]
[Nicki Minaj]
I mean we don't even rock them shoes if it ain't got a comma on the price tag
I mean, I mean but then again who looks at the price

[Drake]
Oh yeah we in this b-tch
oww, oww, oww

[Chorus repeated]
[End]
