
[Verse 1]
You Know, You Know
How The Story Go
You Done Jocked My Style
You Done Stole My Flow
You Done Seen Me Out
You Just Know Hello And You Wonder Why, Man You Know, You Know
And You Should Let The Boys Know Too
Show Them Niggas Every Single Thing I Showed You
I'm Here Felling Like 50(cent) Back In '02
And Everybody Saying I'm The Man, So true!
Yeah, But What Does It Take To Feel Secure
A Place With Wooden Floors,
And Space To Put Awards,
A Couple Of Parking Spots,
And Maids To Do The Chores.
The Cards You Always Wanted,
The Women That You Adore
Well I Got It, I Got It!
I Wonder If I'd Be Happy Without It, I Doubt It
I Try Not To Really Think About It, I Made It
But I'm Still Playing Like I'm Being Scouted, I'm Out It
Game time Bitch
I Hope You Proud Of Us
King James Shit
Watch Me Throw The Powder Up
This O.G. Got My Whole Suite Clouded Up
And I Bet You I Be Out Of Time, Before I'm Out Of Luck
They ain't rooting for me
They ain't clapping for me
I'm only saying can somebody just be happy for me
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue..
But you know you know


[Verse 2]
Please make your long story shorter
Time is of the essence for the king of first quarter
Numbers do the talking I have nothing for reporters
I just hope we make these flights
and don't get held up at the border
Yeah, and you can spare me the accolades
I'm the reason you can find my city on the Atlas page
Half a million dollars later and my tax is paid
and I'm still spending money from my acting days
Damn, I swear life is such a lovely thing
feel the perks that a seven figure budget bring
Tell your girlfriend that I can pull some fucking strings
so were courtside when Lebron get a fucking ring
yeh I'll bet I'll be there, I'll be there
You see that 62 sittin outside, that's me there
leapin to the top, that's my leap year, prepare
Puttin it in overtime, I never said it'd be fair

I'm always left wishing that I could of done it in person
My apologizes to all of the ones I was hurting
I got new girls, but none of they love is for certain
I call old girls, but none of they numbers are workin'
Damn, what happened to us?
Life can always change, you have to adjust
How come when I got a party, you stare at me in disgust
they pay us just to have fun, you should see that as a plus
Especially when I come flyin' through the door
And kindly ignore
The paparazzi outside trying to record
Why has every woman never dined here before?
Am I the only twenty-three-year-old wine connoisseur?
?
It's always nice when you're out with someone that notices
My condo got that art gallery openess
I'm just really hoping it isn't what your motive is
They ain't rooting for me
They ain't clapping for me
I'm only saying can somebody just be happy for me
I really hate to say I told you so
So I bite my tongue..
But you know you know
