
I get money, I get paper, I keep girls of different flavors
Up off Gucci, up off Prada, I spend dollar after dollar
I get money, I get paper, I keep girls of different flavors
Up off Gucci, up off Prada, I spend dollar after dollar


Y'all don't really like me, I can understand
My flow is sitting right inside the pocket of my pants
I'm still fly, you can't float
Run this shit, you same …
I write your favorite records all you seeing ghost
It's 20 000 …verses…
I'm getting rich, all you staying broke
Chilling even if I'm in goose style coat
I can't see you doing whose …
I don't even finish when you throw me hi5
They try to measure up but there's no one my size
Whatever 40 smoking bout to lower my eyes
East … on them, I never take a night off
Every single thing a neighbor purchases a right off
Round it as the runway payment I'm taking flight off
Baby go ahead and cut the light off, …

I get money, I get paper, I keep girls of different flavors
Up by Gucci, up by Prada, I spend dollar after dollar
I get money, I get paper, I keep girls of different flavors
Up by Gucci, up by Prada, I spend dollar after dollar

And I'm the rookie of the year, about to get my dough on
I'm about to take off baby you should hold on
But I ain't about the …on, I'ma keep short and tell you it's about to blow off
Bottle after bottle cause the money like solo
Baby … about to put a show on
I'ma show off like I'm close to you
Get lost, … you

I hear my phone ringing when you call
I ain't picking up …
Got your girl face down banging on the wall
While you and all your boys hanging … mall
I can … relate, riding with some … that I got from outer state
Riding with a swag that I got from outer space
Just show me who's the hottest I'ma knock them out of place
Call me homicide … about to get your ego
I'ma about my green puffing good … kilo
You can't go and take a glance that you hear a lot of
… fantasy to you, reality to me
And yet my g pass is as valid as can be
I'm so fresh these dollars would agree
Waving at your girl while she smiling back at me

I get money, I get paper, I keep girls of different flavors
Up off Gucci, up off Prada, I spend dollar after dollar
I get money, I get paper, I keep girls of different flavors
Up off Gucci, up off Prada, I spend dollar after dollar.
