
Southern smoke!!!

[speaking]
Yeah. ho!
It's drake. uh uh. ho!
Do that dance. do that dance


[chorus:]
You special girl, don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So, at least i know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back

[verse 1:]
Look i ought to be thankful because for women i have plenty of love
And when it comes to relationships, many is stuck
Look at 50 you make love, 30 you have sex
Somewhere around the tender age of 20 you fuck
Or maybe before, i'm here waiting to score
It's long gone like brother's having a tape in their car
Instead these girls taking it raw,
Now they tell you to do whatever you want because it's safe to explore
Forget, wait till it's right now, wait till it's more
Wait till he get gets a deal girl, wait till the tour
So they dance to attract me, advance and attack me
To the point that drake compare me to anthony mackie
But once they have my pants and my khakis
I tell them i'm not one for commitment and romancing exactly
Because, i hate waking up undressed with a dame
And guessing her name, i hope this shit is destined to change

[chorus: (x2)]
Because you special girl, don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So, at least i know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back

[verse 2:]
I don't get it, it's like my fairy was sick
It's like i meet the perfect girl, and she put me through some various shit
It's something that i can rarely predict
All i know is that i can never find the love that tyler perry depict
I'm guessing maybe shemar moore isn't really all pure
Maybe i lie to myself and it's like a small cure
I tell it all to her
I gotta feeling this feeling inside is something it's like and can't be all sure
Because really, what is a window without a car door?
Why i can't settle for one instead of all four?
Mu mind is clouded, this shit complex here
Jason tell me i'ma have a baby by next year
Psychic told me i'ma have three kids
I don't want my daughter making a song like teairra mari did
So, i'ma change yeah this summer is gone
I'm running along, before i raise one of my own

[chorus: (x2)]
Because you special girl, don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So, at least i know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back

[outro: (x2)]
Believe me baby, stevie baby
D-r-a-k-eezzy baby
So do that dance, do that dance,
Go head girl and do that dance, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. uh

[talking]
Yeah because you special baby
Yeah this the remix right here
Yeah trendsetters
Drake, it's southern smoke
