
[Drake &amp; Fivio Foreign]
Like what?
(Who made this?) Yeah, yeah
(JB made this, hahahaha)
Six, six, six, six, six, six
Baow
Yeah


Fivi, Sosa, viral, movie
I'm in this bitch with the Wooski
Ball in the summer like Drew League
Champagne got me loopy
Glizzy Bop lookin' groovy
All the demons lookin' moody, what?
(All the demons lookin' moody)

[Drake &amp; Fivio Foreign]
Skrrt 'round there in your ends, whole southside on ten
Not like them, make men lean out Benz
That's how a man get blem, you and your friends
This Hermés from runway, this ain't Ralph Lauren
Tell them again, loved her way back when
Drunk so I type Je t'aime but don't hit send
Send some bread to the pen
All my G's are blessed, we check in for them
Whole lotta charges laid to this day
No confessions for them
Man really feel no ways, these man waste
No progression for them
Think you're bad, just wait, food get ate
And that's just lessons for them
Sosa (Sosa), Fivi (Fivi), lookin' like KD and Kyrie (I am)
My TD Bank is on what? (What?)
My TD Bank is on Kylie (ayy, ayy)
Tribeca in the lobby, all these niggas gettin' dodgy (baow)
When we see 'em, it's a body (ayy, ayy, ayy)

[Drake &amp; Fivio Foreign]
Fivi (Fivi), Sosa (Sosa), viral (viral), movie (movie)
I'm in this bitch with the Wooski (I am)
Ball in the summer like Drew League
Champagne got me loopy (baow)
Glizzy Bop lookin' groovy (baow)
All the demons lookin' moody
(All the demons lookin' moody)
Ayy, ayy, ayy

[Fivio Foreign]
Move (move), get out the way (get out the way, lil' bitch), uh
Say the wrong thing, you'll get shot in your face (baow, yeah)
Fivi (Fivi), laced (laced), I put the opps in they place (opp)
Yeah, if you a gangster, then you gotta relate (ayy, ayy, ayy)
She got a face that you cannot mistake
She paid for the food and we went on a date
Head game great, huh, she let me nut on her face, ayy, ayy, ayy
Uh, every time she link, she come with an eighth (baow)
Viral, you ain't never make a movie with Drake (baow)
Sponsor (sponsor), I take a Perc, now I'm turned to a monster (turned to a monster)
Uh, I'm in the court like: I'm sorry, your honor (I'm sorry, your honor, lil' bitch, baow)
I killed the opp, but I ain't catchin' no karma (baow, baow)
Yeah, I killed the opp, but I ain't catchin' no karma (ayy, ayy, ayy)

[Drake &amp; Fivio Foreign &amp; Ssa Geek]
Fivi (Fivi), Sosa (Sosa), viral (viral), movie (movie)
I'm in this bitch with the Wooski (I am)
Ball in the summer like Drew League
Champagne got me loopy
Glizzy Bop lookin' groovy (ayy, what? What?)
All the demons lookin' moody (ayy, look)
Ayy, ayy

[Sosa Geek]
Bitch, I'm a demon in the night
And I'm a shark up underwater (I am)
I got shooters in New York
And I got shooters across the border (what?)
I call Drake and tell him off 'em (Drake)
Ayy, I call Drake and tell him off 'em (what?)
If they Woo walk, I probably taught 'em (I did)
I got the money, they say that I'm gifted
Fuck sale, so I'm givin' out gift stamps (I am)
Highway, me and Fivio lifted (what?)
London, man, I need me a thick bitch (a thick)
And a Louis bag just so I can fit me the grip in (grip)
I got the swag, so tell me the difference
Mike Amiri, best believe they fitted
She wanna fuck, but I ain't with it
Headshot, knock him off his fitted
Punch him out, send that boy to that dentist
Talkin' Henny, it better be Privilège, ayy
Baow, what?
It better be Privilège

[Drake &amp; Fivio Foreign]
Fivi, Sosa, viral, movie
I'm in this bitch with the Wooski
Ball in the summer like Drew League
Champagne got me loopy
Glizzy Bop lookin' groovy
All the demons lookin' moody (what?)
(All the demons lookin' moody)
Ayy, ayy
