
Uh, my isis goddess, a peach garden, sipping merlot, beach bums,
Bumping bob marley, a reggae party, shirt cavalli, dressed highly.
Highly infatuated, spending what you call life savings
Hi, ladies, nice day, ain’t it?
South france, meet my new lady, canvas face paintings,
If god want me, you’d be more jealous than honey.
I’d back track, hop on the right track when a new somebody.
Now let’s back track two years, where i met you at,
Night life, popping bottles, acting like you wasn’t impressed with that.
That shit, i do for you, i never lack, need that, got that, never did i second guess.
Took you out that c-class, put you in that sls, no more southwest, now it’s like private jets.
Now all you got is ex roommates, ‘cause all you got now is too much room space, shoe space.


Same days but a different day, everything sweet, peace, ‘till a nigga be down and out.
Same shit you said yesterday, can’t take no more of your shit
‘cause i can do better without you, better without you, better without you.
I can do better without you, better without you, better without you.

Symbolic tattoos, cover the scar, heart tell ‘em love move,
‘cause of you i’ll probably never accept what’s due, except what’s due,
Exempt from them nights i could’ve been single, too
Moonlight dinner, dark denim, how we losing, we was up in the ninth ending,
The night’s ending, attitude on fire chariot, ain’t too hilarious, find it embarrassing, you crazy bitch.
All i wanted was pompons, hug and a kiss,
Thought you rooting for this team, saw you on some other shit.
Acting out publicly, fans recording the shit,
Why you can’t play your part and act accordingly?
I guess that’s all me, rubbing off on me, rubbing off on you, now you got an ego, too.
Tell her spread far like an eagle do, i don’t want nothing to do with you, i’m through with you.

Call me crazy, should at least be calling,
Feels better when you let it out, don’t it, girl?
Know it’s easy to get caught up in the moment
When you say ‘cause you’re mad and you take it all back.
And we fuck all night ‘till things get right,
And we fuck all night ‘till things get right.

Stuck in my body, probably can’t live without her,
Know this is sour, let me kiss on the phone.
Mission accomplished, you’re increasing your heart rate,
And i will never rescue me with the peak of your mountain.
Eager to show you, thinking that i should know you
You’re eager to work, perfect, i can’t employ you.
Designer shall spoil you, rub you down with the oil,
Then get on the higher tree, gonna get the climb as a coil, hold up.
It’s showing up, some asian provocator,
Send you out the drawers, will patiently get you off.
Hate when they get you anxious, hate when they get to door,
Like to get deep, but i hate to get too deeply involved.
How sweet is you? let me see some proof.
Fuck, make the pussy talk, i like to make it sing its tunes.
All we need is wait, we don’t need no room,
Right now i’m trying and we don’t need to spoon.

Call me crazy, should at least be calling,
Feels better when you let it out, don’t it, girl?
Know it’s easy to get caught up in the moment
When you say ‘cause you’re mad and you take it all back.
And we fuck all night ‘till things get right,
And we fuck all night ‘till things get right.

Better without you.
I can do better without you, better without you.
And we fuck all night ‘till things get right, ah, yeah.
