
[John Taylor &amp; Drake]
I don't care what society thinks
They're nothing anyway
They're no better than me
Out there you just have to fit into a pattern that somebody's already laid out for you
Life we live, you have to set your own patterns, your own ideals
You have to handle the whole job yourself (yeah)


[Drake]
No snow tires, the Range slip-slide like Trick Daddy and Trina
Oli North pull in, like, 10 million a season
Queen Street visions that nobody believed in
If we not on the charts, my XO niggas eatin'
Fifty-two consecutive weekends, shout out to Weeknd
The city gets stronger when everybody is speakin'
Not when everybody out here beefin'
We got it, now we just gotta keep it
America's most wanted, man, I'm still on the run
All these number ones and we still not the ones
No hard feelings, but I'll still get you spun
Went and got diplomas, and we still goin' dumb
Please never label niggas who lay down for a livin'
My competition, it's beyond offensive
I'm in it for the glory, not the honor mention
Not tryna be fourth and inches, I'm tryna go the distance
Yeah, distance, I'm on a different mission
This the remix to "Ignition," hot and fresh out the kitchen
How you forget to fill up with gas on the road to riches?
Too overly ambitious, too late to fix it
Too late for condolences when it's over with
I need to start sayin' shit when I notice it
Be open with people I need some closure with
Be honest with myself and take ownership
Opinions started to burn when tables started to turn
I really used to feel like they loved a nigga at first
Excitin' times, revitalized
Trust this little light of mine is gonna shine positively
I'm just takin' what God will give me
Grateful like Jerry, Bob and Mickey
Better attitude, we'll see where it gets me
I know catchin' flies with honey is still sticky
I wrote the book on world-class finesses
And tasteful gestures and makin' efforts
And never placin' second
And even better knowin' you're first but then takin' second
Inspirin' and never takin' credit
I know I deserve more, I just never said it
Two middle fingers as I make a exit, yeah

Did I lose you?
Did I? Did I?
Did I lose you?
Did I? Did I?
Did I lose you?

Winnin' is problematic
People like you more when you workin' towards somethin'
Not when you have it
Way less support from my peers
In recent years as I get established
Unforgivin' times, but fuck it, I manage
Why is my struggle different than others'?
Only child that’s takin' care of his mother
As health worsens and bills double
That’s not respectable all of a sudden?
I don’t get a pat on the back for the come up?
What do you see when you see me?
When did all the things I mean
From the bottom of my heart start to lose meaning?
Maybe I share it with too many people
Back then it used to just feel like our secret
Back when I would write
And not think about how they receive it
I be tryna manifest the things I needed
And look, now, I mean, it's hard to believe it even for me
But you're mindful of it all when your mind full of it all
How they go from not wantin' me at all
To wantin' to see me lose it all?
Things get dark, but my aura just starts glowin'
I'm overcome with emotions
Ones I can't access when I'm stoned sober
Jealous ones still envy and niggas turn king cobra
I could only speak what I know of
Man, we wrote the book on calculated thinkin'
And icy Heineken drinkin', and rival neighborhoods linkin'
And puttin' your trust in someone
With the risk of financially sinkin'
All you did was write the book on garbage-ass Rollies
Ego strokin', picture postin'
Claimin' that you'd do it for motivational purposes only
But you just had to show me
See, I know, 'cause I study you closely
I know when someone lyin'
I notice people standin' for nothin' and gettin' tired
I know what we're both thinkin' even when you're quiet
Sometimes I gotta just make sure that I didn't lose you

Did I? Did I?
Did I lose you?
Did I? Did I?
Did I lose you?

[600 Breezy]
This is the 6’s year
Six hundreds instead of six, OVO
You know we’ll be rockin' our asses out
To my big brother Drizzy
You know what I’m sayin'?
More Life, 6 to the world, gang shit
