
I know there’s other people that you talk to,
But i just hate getting any proof shown to me, shown to me.
I know there’s other places that you could go,
But i just really love it if you made it home to me, home to me.
Yeah, young girl, you love life,
Same birthday as pac, thug life.
Gemini, understand why you’re uptight
‘cause once you give away the pussy, then you’re fucked, right?
Yeah, i wonder if i should call you.
But then again, you never call me.
And i’m just looking at my phone, girl
And the last 3 messages are all me.
Damn, that’s doing a lot
I mean, i’ve always been the type to know when to stop.
For real, i mean i want you in the worst way
And i know one day doesn’t mean the first day.
Yeah, and it ain’t morning, but it’s late enough,
And i just showered, i just shaved, i just straightened up.
And i’m tired of the games, we done played enough
I hope you’re still coming, ‘cause i’m waiting up.


All the missed calls got me thinking
Maybe i’m trippin’,
But i want you to feel the other side, other side.
Now i’m waiting up, got you waiting.
Now i’m waiting up, oh, i got you waiting
Now i’m waiting up, waiting up, up, up…

Voicemail when i call your phone
I know just how you feel,
I know just how you feel, how you feel.
Baby, when you’re home alone
I know just how you feel. do you know?
I know just how you feel.
Girl, now i’m waiting up.

Now it’s you that’s on the other foot,
I’m here with my daughter she keeps staring like her mother look.
And the hours keeps passing and i'm thinking about spazzing
Couldn’t even imagine, her catching up with her passed friend,
Saying how was and he asking, a has-been
Has been shady, then she telling her she hate me
And she been would’ve left if it wasn’t for the baby.
I know it sound crazy, that wasn’t the plan
You see i’m just a young boy, that’s raising a man
Listen look i’m really sorry for raising my hand
All the false allegations, i’m taking a stand.
Damn, damn, how did we get here?
Girl, is feeling like the end isn’t near.
You say you don’t care,
I just hope it’s out of anger
Good girl gone bad, i can’t blame you.
Signs read danger, i open my eyes.
Girl, you saying that you pregnant, i’m hoping it’s lies
While they all sound true, it’s sad, girl, the things that i do
They all affect you, like they don’t affect me.
Girl, i’m mad ‘cause the things you can’t see
It’s what it’s gonna be, i’m making a change.
The best thing we ever had, we take it in vain.

All the missed calls got me thinking
Maybe i’m trippin’,
But i want you to feel the other side, other side.
Now i’m waiting up, got you waiting.
Now i’m waiting up, oh, i got you waiting
Now i’m waiting up, waiting up, up, up…

Voicemail when i call your phone
I know just how you feel,
I know just how you feel, how you feel.
Baby, when you’re home alone
I know just how you feel. do you know?
I know just how you feel.
Girl, now i’m waiting up.
