
The only thing I'm seeing I'd like to put an amend on,
Perhaps a little more room here for the fixins.
You know what I'm talkin' bout?
Ooh, we gon' have a lot of fixins.
We gonna have so many fucking fixins up in this motherfuckers,
This shit gon' go through the roof (ooh)
God damn I'm shittin' gold these days


Soulja Boy, Drake
Oh, we made it
Turn me up just a little bit in the headphone
Worldwide
International

Nigga we made it, aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn, we made it
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it

Yeah
She said she workin' for Walgreens but not in the store, at the head office
The head was so good it make sense why you work at the head office
In 2007 I sat in a lobby in Motown and waited
Now I walk into the buildin' and go off like "Nigga we made it!"
When I walk through these halls, man this beat should be playin'
I just came to make sure you not missin' no payments
Now turn this shit down while I issue my statement
It needed a moment of silence, nigga we made it!
You fly out your lady, I fly out my ladies
Bitches can't front on the kid anymore, man they know what my name is
And if by chance she don't know who I am, she just know that I'm famous
Imma just hand her a business card and say "Nigga we made it!"
And she gotta come to the hotel and pop it off for me
Then she gon' text her best friend like "Girl he got some good dick and money"
Her friend hit her back like "I know that already, that nigga's amazin'"
Then I send a message to both of they asses like "Nigga we made it!"

Kinda makes me wonder
Why the hell so many people are tryna tell me to slow down.
Seems like motherfuckers should be shuttin' the hell up and enjoyin' the show

Aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn we made it
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it, aye
Nigga we made it, aye
We made it

Yeah
If they with me, just know that they wit' it and 'bout it
If I said it, I meant it, it's no way around it
OVO, Reps Up, and P. Reign is next up, watch Gway go crazy
When Baka came home for the holidays, I was like "Nigga we made it!"
And all of those lawyer fees, nigga I paid it
My family get all of my loyalty, all of my patience
My life for your life, man I wouldn't trade it
I would just look at you dead in the face and say "Nigga we made it!"
I swear that we made it, sell out that thing, I'm the king in Jamaica
But I've been on that wave, that's why this year I tell yah, I don't need no favors
(Damn, Soulja Boy stunt on them haters)
And my resolution for New Years is nigga we made it!
You don't know how long I waited
I coulda been waitin' on tables, my karma's amazin'
I'm out in the Caymans
Rented a 12-bedroom house just to sleep all the women we came with
That's ignorant, ain't it?
Sometimes I question myself when I think 'bout the pictures I painted
Then I pick up my brush and I sign at the bottom
Like "Nigga we made it!"

Aye
We made it
Nigga we made it, aye
Damn we made it

How long spent in the hood
Tellin' my partner
And my momma, everything gonna be all good
Nigga we made it!
Damn
I'm up in Las Vegas
Damn, I never was supposed to have shit
Now my life is lavish
Every night, fuckin' a bad bitch,
Nigga we made it!
Coppin' a Lambo, cash,
The Bentley, 2 times I crashed
Nigga we made it!
Look at them niggas' faces, them niggas, they hate it
I look a nigga in his face and say "Nigga we made it!"
Soulja Boy stunt on them haters
And these days I don't need no favors
Nigga we made it!

You already know man
Phone call back to the old hood see whats going on
Br br, nigga we made it
