
Ooh, yeah
Uh, you know, hey
You know you may think
That you know you got me under wraps, locks and keys
and


And that without you I just, I?m gonna be lost
But I got somethin? else for you

Baby, I used to sit home waitin? for your call
I used to have your picture hangin? on my wall

Used to think you were right, but you was
I used to miss you, now I?m glad that you?re gone, I,
uh

Baby, I don?t care if you don?t wanna call me no more

(Yeah...yeah...)
Baby, I don?t care if you don?t wanna call me no more


?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby, girl around (Girl
around)

And I got 999 men knockin? on my door

?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby, girl around 

(Baby girl,baby girl)

And I don?t care if you don?t call no more

We used to light a fire on a rainy night

I used to like when you?d come and hold me tight

I used believe we would never part, no

But now I?ve had a change of heart, whoa...

Baby, I don?t care if you don?t wanna call me no more

(La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la, I don?t care)

Baby, I don?t care if you don?t wanna call me no more
(Yeah...yeah...I?m the juiciest, baby)

?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby (Yeah), girl around
(Baby girl, baby girl)

And I got 999 men knockin? on 
my door (?Cause they
gotta have sweet now)
?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby, girl around (Baby)

And I don?t care if you don?t call no more (Said I
don?t care if you don?t call me no more)

?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby (Juicy), girl around
(Ho...)

And I got 999 men knockin? on my door (And all my
peoples who is juicy I want you to say, ?Yeah?)

?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby (Uh-huh), girl around
(He?s juicy)

And I don?t care if you don?t call no more (Biggie
Smalls is juicy)

?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby 
(Mmm), girl around (He?s
Kool-Aid)
And I got 999 men knockin? on my door

(La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
?Cause I?m the juiciest, baby 

(Juiciest, baby), girl
around (And you know that?s right)

And I don?t care if you don?t call no more (Now I?m
glad that you?re gone)

Baby, I don?t care if you don?t wanna call me no more
Baby, I don?t care if you don?t wanna call me no more
