
Mmmmmmh..mmmmh..mmmmh
Mmmh..mmmh..mmmh
Mmmmmmh..mmmh..mmmh..mmmh..mmmh(mmmh)
Soul to Soul (Soul to soul)
Sooooul mmmh..mmmh..mmmmmmh
Oh whoa whoa (soul to soul)


Piece of newspaper…At my feet
We go blowing down the street
Got out stories…old and new
Need someone to tell 'em to

CHORUS
We don't have to be eye to eye (face to face)
I'm not asking for miracles ( nor saving grace)
And I don't need another heart (to have and hold)
All I want is a friend I can talk to (soul to soul)
Oh… soul to soul (soul to soul)
Mmmmmh…

Like a notebook…On a shelf
Tired of talking to myself
Wishing somebody (somebody) passing by (passing by)
Would pick me up and look inside

CHORUS
We don't have to be eye to eye (or face to face)
I'm not asking for miracles… (miracles…or saving grace)
And I don't need another heart… (I don't need another heart…to have and hold)
All I want is a friend I can talk to (soul to soul)
soul to soul Oh… (soul to soul…soul to soul)
Mmmmmh…

Everyone needs someone to turn to
When they walk in their line (got to hold that line)
And we all need a friend we can cry to
And I'm out on that line (I'm on that line)
He..he..
It's been so long now…you know I'm needing mine,

Oh whoaaaa…whoaaaa…whoaaa..
Oh my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
All I want is a friend I can talk to (woe woe woe woe soul to soul)
I just call and there you are (soul to soul)
Shining on me like a star (shining down)
Smile in my direction in the night (oooooh oooooh oooooh)
And I feel your light yeah (oh oh soul to soul)
I'm feeling stronger now, so much stronger now (soul to soul)
Won't you shine a little longer, a little longer right now
I'm still holding that line (got to hold that line) yeah
Keep me holding that line
Oh oh my…

CHORUS
We don't have to be eye to eye (or meet face to face)
I'm not asking for miracles (or saving grace)
And I don't need another heart (to have and hold)
All I want is someone I can talk to (soul to soul)
Oh I need a friend right now
(sooooul to soul) *repeat in background till end of song
Someone I can talk to

I'm feeling lonely right now (right now baby)
I just need to know you're there anytime of the day and night
I need somebody who's willing to listen
Shining, shining, shining, shining so brightly right now
I feel like I'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders
So much soul
Does anyone hear me calling…
