
Announcement 1 (track 1)

"It has been rumored that a new People's Army has been formed by a certain
'Commander Black'. A few minor incidents have already been reported, and further
unconfirmed reports suggest that this is a definite attempt to overthrow the
present government which is led by Mr. Flash.


"We would like to stress that these are only unconfirmed rumors, but we will
of course bring you up-to-date news and information on these reports as they
come in. Meanwhile we do urge the population not to panic and to remain calm
during the crisis."

Please stay tuned to this station for further bulletins.


Announcement 2 (track 5)

Announcer 1: "In just a few moments, Mr. Black is due to address the people.
We are now going over to live coverage of his speech."

Announcer 2: "Well the scenes here are absolutely indescribable. I've personally
never seen anything like it before. A crowd of around, what, thirty-thousand people
have been waiting all day for the arrival of Mr. Black and his entourage. And it is
expected that one of the main topics of his speech this evening will be the controversial
Anti-(something) Corruption Bill, which Mr. Black wants brought into effect immediately
to put an end to the current widespread decline in public moral standards.

"And, just a minute, there he is. I can see Mr. Black now. He's surrounded by, of
course, all his bodyguards. (something) the crowd is growing wild with excitement --
it's clapping, it's cheering -- as Mr. Black finally makes his way on that far side
onto the platform. And now -- yes, there he is -- he's about to speak.


Announcement 3 (track 11)
"News has just reached us of a major victory for Mr. Black and the People's Army.
The battle took place on the outskirts of a small village somewhere in the Northern
Zone. Casualties on both sides are reported to have been very high, indeed. And
our on-the-spot correspondent describes the fighting as some of the fiercest in
living memory. No quarter has been shown on either side."


Announcement 4 (track 17)
"At Six A.M. this morning the victorious People's Army overthrew the corrupt regime
that has been ruling over our country. It is reported that Mr. Flash and his
gang were all been taken prisoner. They have been taken to a secret hideout where
they will be tried for treason by a People's Court."


Announcement 5 (track 20)
"A state of emergency was declared by the government at Eight A.M. today. It was
stated that this step has been taken in the interest of national security. And the
emergency measures set out in today's announcement will remain in force for an
indefinite period.

"Curfew will take effect as from this evening, and will operate between Nine P.M. and
Six A.M. each day. The curfew will be enforce by patrols from the People's Army,
and severe penalties are to be imposed on anyone found on the streets during the
daily curfew period.

"Food rationing is to be introduced immediately, and shops will only be allowed to
open for a period of three hours each day. Restrictions on the use of petrol start
immediately. Restrictions on the use of electricity, gas and water will also be
announced shortly.

"All places of public entertainment will be closed until further notice. All
television channels are now closed down, and radio broadcasts will operate on this
channel only.

"And now, here is the People's Choir singing the new nation anthem, which led our
victorious troops into battle!"
