
America, the land of the free, the home of the brave 
That's what I thought before I toured there 
You see, I've got myself being seduced by the sheer Americana of it all 
and I'd seen their images on television 
of Lee Harvey Oswald, John F. Kennedy's assassination 
and I thought "America is a violent place" 
And America is keen to trap you 
like you had giant tentacles that wrapped themselves around you 
until you couldn't move and you were trapped 
The land of the free, the home of the brave, guns and the Wild West 


Hey big fat cowboy, wearing your big Stetson 
Hey big fat cowboy, flashing your big six gun 
Hey big fat cowboy, singing country &amp; western 
Hey big fat cowboy, is this the way that the West was won? Yeah 

I found myself in the back of a big Ford Thunderbird 
with a slick-looking dude 
He looked like a punk from a B-movie, 
the sort of punk that would piss everybody off 
until Lee Marvin put a bullet through his brain 
The punk looked over at me 
"Kinks? What kind of a motherfuckin' name is that?" 
Then he reached over and picked up the car telephone 
"Hey kid, I've got Elvis Presley's phone number. 
I've got Ann-Margret's phone number. I've fucked Ann-Margret!" 
I knew Mick Avory would be impressed with this, but I was not 
And then the punk looked over at me 
"I'll dial Elvis Presley" He dialed a number 
"Hey, is that you Elvis? I wanna speak to the Colonel. 
Jump to it, you mother!" 
And then he looked over at me in a menacing way, 
reached into the glove-compartment and took out a revolver 
He waved the six gun around, menacingly 
"You see kid, when I deal with people, they have to treat me right, 
otherwise they contend with this! A gun! 
Have you ever seen a gun before?" 
I hadn't 
Then he waved it around, put it back in the glove-compartment 
"Welcome to Peoria, Illinois, home of Middle America, 
ice-cream and apple pie, guns and the Wild West" 

All American wise guy, why achieve that gleam in the sun 
Hamburger and a milkshake, all American dude 
Popcorn and a t-bone, hot dog with a big smile 
and a bad attitude, yeah yeah yeah 

Flying across America on a TWA, flying to California 
to appear on television, performing our new record Set me free 
The Kinks were met by a union man with a contract to sign 
and The Kinks didn't like signing contracts 
"Hey, are you The Kinks? Sign this piece of paper guys! 
I want you to sign this union-document so you can appear on television" 
"No thanks mate, we don't wanna sign a contract" 
"You have to sign, otherwise you cannot appear" 
"We don't want to sign a piece of paper, alright!" 
"Listen kid, you sign the piece of paper. 
You with your red hunting jackets and your yellow frilly shirts. 
Sign the piece of paper!" 
"Do you wanna sign it?" He looked over at Dave 
"Watcha gonna do kid?" "Fuck off!" 
Which is a fairly reasonable thing to say in the circumstances, 
but not very wise, you see, the man was a union executive 
"Alright. Once I file my report on you guys 
you're never gonna work in America again. 
You're gonna find out just how powerful it is in America!" 
The land of ice-cream and apple pie, guns and the Wild West 

Great American union rules with the fist, a smile and a gun 
Great American napalm lights up the sky like the sun 
Great American eagle swoops down from the sky up above 

And I remember the images of Lee Harvey Oswald 
appearing on TV saying he was a patsy 
A union man is a-framin' The Kinks 
while I thought "This is the land of opportunity" 
But the Cosa Nostra are everywhere 
Land of ice-cream and apple pie 

Hey big fat cowboy, wearing that big six gun 
Hey big fat cowboy, singing country &amp; western 
Hey big fat cowboy, moving that big six gun 
Hey big fat cowboy, is this the way that the West was won? 
Yeah yeah yeah 

And 6 weeks later Robert and Grenville and Larry 
were sitting in their office in Carnaby Street 
and the letter came from the American government 
It was from the American Federation of Musicians Union 
"A band known as The Kinks, 
the English beat group known as The Kinks, 
are banned from America. 
Their license to perform has been revoked indefinitely" 
Yeah, all the same fuck off 
in the land of the ice-cream and apple pie, guns and the Wild West
