
Well I just got back and I wish I never leave now (Where'd ya go?)
Who dat Martian arrival over at the airport? (Where'd ya go?)
How many local dollars for a local anesthetic? (Where'd ya go?)
The johnny on the corner was-a very sympathetic (Where'd ya go?)


I went to the place where every white face
Is an invitation to robbery
Sitting here in my safe european home
Don't wanna go back there

Wasn't I lucky and wouldn't it be loverly? (Where'd ya go?)
Send us all cards, have a laying in on Sunday (Where'd ya go?)
I was there for two weeks, so how come I never tell now? (Where'd ya go?)
That natty dread drink in the Sheraton Hotel, yeah (Where'd ya go?)

I went to the place where every white face
Is an invitation to robbery
Sitting here in my safe european home
Don't wanna go back there again

They got the sun, they got the palm trees (Where'd ya go?)
They got the weed, they got the taxis (Where'd ya go?)
Whoa, the harder they come, the home of ol' Blue Beat (Where'd ya go?)
I'd stay and be a tourist, but I can't take the gun play (Where'd ya go?)

I went to the place where every white face
Is an invitation to robbery
Sitting here in my safe european home
Don't wanna go back there again

What?
Rudie come from Jamaica, Rudie can’t fail
Rudie come from Jamaica, Rudie get bail (backside, move your body out of the way rasclat)
Rudie come from Jamaica cos Rudie can't fail
Rudie come from Jamaica, Rudie get bail (oh, European home)
Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie can’t fail (grey European home)
Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie get bail (dull European home)
Rudie loot and Rudie shoot and Rudie gun mad gun man down (dirty European home)
Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, gun cop coming and that ol' gown (instant European home)
Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie get the bail (credit European home)
Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie you can’t fail (in daylight European home)
Rudie come from Jamaica, Rudie can’t fail (you got nightlife European home)
Rudie come from Jamaica, Rudie get the bail (explosive European home)
Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie, Rudie loot and Rudie shoot (a Twenty Four Track European home)
Hell they come and the Rudie go but no one knows where policeman go
