
Yo! Bum rush the show

I am taking no prisoners, taking no shorts
Breakin' with the metal of a couple of forts
While we're hearin' that boom supplement the mix
Gonna rush 'em like the Bears in the 46
Homeboys I don't know but they're part of the pack
In the plan against the man, bum rush attack
For the suckers at the door, if you're up and around
For the suckers at the door, we're gonna knock you back down


Chorus:
Yo! Bum rush the show (x4)

Yo, ??? around ??? ???
You're gonna tell us, man
That we can't get inside your spot?
Yo man, let me tell you somethin', man
We came all the way down here from the Welch
Ya know what I'm sayin'
Yo man, you're talkin' about gettin' busy
Yo, you wanna get busy?
Come on, let's step to the back
Ya know what I'm sayin'
I take you to the back and show you some of my techniques
And I'll stomp a mud hole in your ass
Bitch

Searchin my body for fuckin' what
My gun's just for fun and my knife don't cut
How can I make you understand
I get ill on a posse with my goddamn hands
Troubles, not me, I don't mean to cause
But you took one look and began to pause
Didn't hoolar at the dollar we was willin' to spend
But you took one look, wouldn't let our ass in

Chorus (x4)

Yo homes, I don't know what you're talkin' about, man
But yo, bust a move man
Yo, me and my crew, we were in a four limo over last night
Ya know what I'm sayin'
And they are on their way my crib, man
Now yo, when you feel a ???
??? ??? talkin' that garbage
Yo, me and my crew got cold crash this side of the door
Ya know what I'm sayin'
Talkin' about a nine?
Yo, a nine ain't gonna stop the bum rush, homes

Chorus (x4)

Cold bum rushin' doors like at first it's something
All we realize that the show ain't nuthin'
For the stunts and the blunts, whole world inside
The reason that the mighty used force supplied
No comp, we'll stomp all in our way
Gave me static so I don't pay
It might be a trick that you don't like
Comin' in the side door then I'm grabbin' the mike
Walkin' and talkin' - fist full in the air
It might seem like that we don't care
A ho for an oh, a pow for an ow
Girls start screamin' all I say is wow
Get that sucker who shot that gun
Whip his monkey ass till it ain't no fun
5-O showed and wouldn't you know
They blamed it on the kid cause all I said was...

Chorus (x4)

Yeeaah man, yo
I was at the park last night
Ya know what I'm sayin'
Gold clocks for megadollars, man
An' these brothers, man
Walked up to me talkin' about they was gonna stick me up
Yo, man, let me tell you somethin', man
These are the same brothers, man, that tried to stick up ???
Ya know what I'm sayin'
But yo, I got a posse, man
That wouldn't let them bum rush my operation
Ya know what I'm sayin'
