
What you reap, is what you sow
And what you keep, is what you owe
And what the people want to know is
Who's gonna catch the thrown?
And what you got, is what they want
And what they see, they sat they need
And people bleedin', from the greed
Now who's gonna catch the thrown?


Thrown at, thrown under
Thrown to the side
Throwing up disgusted, so we're throwin' down
Thrown under the bus draggin' on the ground
Power to the people salutin' the underground
Against those standing in mansions, spittin' down at us
From up their higher ground
Feed the people, fight the power, fix the poor
But that 1% done shut the door
In God we trust our money, it's a slap in the face
To the rest of the whole human race
Post racial wealth and taste, change a name
But you can't change race in the United States
People say they're kings, plus say they're queens
If we all don't eat, what does it all mean?
We watch and listen, but I'll leave it alone
But who's gonna catch the thrown?

What you reap, is what you sow
And what you keep, is what you owe
And what the people want to know is
Who's gonna catch the thrown?
And what you got, is what they want
And what they see, they sat they need
And people bleedin', from the greed
Now who's gonna catch the thrown?

Divide and conquer, the oldest trick in the game
Is the one between the people who are really the same
As the rich get richer, the poor get bitcin'
The people keep kissin', the feds don't listen
This recession's seen a black depression
Situation of a nation headed for desperation
No quarterback gets sacked on the couch
The sound of black America is "Ouch!"
Governments don't love you and president executions
End up looking like some final solutions
Murder is an institution backed up and hacked up
By some handwritten, constitution
Do what you do! Buddhist, Christian, Hindu
Muslim and Hebrew, you're all what you do
I be seeing human beings that stew, yet
Never have so many been screwed by so few!
We watch the kings and queens and what they owe
But who's gonna catch the thrown?

There's a man going 'round takin' names

The system is designed to incriminate
Genocide was devised to eliminate
Equality is a myth
They had me in jail for a crime I didn't even commit
A stereotype
They feel every color is inferior, right?
Brothers who resist are considered a threat
From Sitting Bull, to Malcolm X
In the land of the free, and suspect elections
John Kennedy had the mob connections
President Reagan sold guns to Iraq
Yet they try to say that criminals are all black
What's up with these corrupt politicians?
Them drugs they be shippin', but they never go to prison
This fucked up system better never try to bag me
Fuck Zimmerman, he's guilty, clearly

Catch the thrown!
You've got to testify
Is that the one percent that you need
Says that you occupy
Catch the thrown!
I've got to testify
Is that the one percent that y'all want
You've got to occupy

There's a man going 'round takin' names

Free the mind prisoners, but they ain't listening
F the po-po, but who that whistling?
Foes making a killing, Juxtaposed against those givin' a livin'
Give me shelter, cause these issues be official
Is the need to feed replaced by the greed?
I ain't tryin' to yell at you or sell to you
Some B.S. they already told to you
End up being sold to you, did I mention?
The cheapest price is to pay attention
Now the test is just being at your best
With that you can hold your own
But who's gonna catch the thrown?

What you reap, is what you sow
And what you keep, is what you owe
And what the people want to know is
Who's gonna catch the thrown?
And what you got, is what they want
And what they see, they sat they need
And people bleedin', from the greed
Now who's gonna catch the thrown?

Ay yo Chuck, I think we got this shit under wraps, son
Dun said, dun said, dun said
Let's get the F up outta here, man
