
Yeah that's right chuck man, that's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em just like that, you know what I'm sayin?
Cause yo, man let me tell you a little somethin man
All these brothers around here fiendin for that crack-a-lack-a-lack
You dig what I'm sayin? Yo man, all they wanna do is get what you got
But when you ain't got nuttin, then they wanna cut you off
So what you gotta do, you gotta play 'em long distance
You know what I'm sayin? I mean long distance
They think we takin shorts, show 'em this is cold medina man
C'mon, kick it!


Back one more time, here to put the message in a rough rhyme
It's important that you knowin the time
Cause I'm seein the program, know what I know and
Until we get together we will never be up for sure
So I wreck like I'm posessed by malcolm x
See the feds want us dead, we too complex
I always speak the truth, comin from me to you
We movin as a unit so you know we refuse to lose
I got my eyes on the lies from washington
I'm a survivor, I know how the west was won
See a show and tell, the way the cointel
Undermind the real hip-hop so the cops can trail
But know bad boys move in silence
Save us all from the pain of a life of violence
They tappin my phone, full grown and knowin
And still prone to refute the lies, won't stop until we rise

Rise up! "c'mon, ah-c'mon"
Rise... Rise up! "one more time"
We rise... Rise up! "c'mon, ah-c'mon"
Rise... Rise up! "to the beat y'all"

I'm a hard truth soldier to the bone for change
Demonstrate and seperate the fact from strange
Blame companies killin our children
When the villain's on the record never think for a second that's the way we live
Wanna squeeze on the fleas at mtv
We quiz knots for the cops at bet
Seize the time, always rhymin combinin the antidote
For dope interscope and fake gangster quotes
Cause I can recollect times when records set
Collect a dead brother you mind if you silence it yet
Rest the program, defeat the beastie
Cause on the street they do as we influenced by what we see
And yes it "weighs a ton" I say it once again
That's why the enemy is down with paris and kam
It's all fam, we collide we live
Better decide on which side you ride, won't stop until we rise

Y'all don't know, y'all don't know uhh

I know the power of fame, ain't never playin no games
Never croonin is provin, that we ready for change
Never simpin but they pimpin my people, for the dollars
So I holla back it keep us from evil 'til them devils are collared
And like I said it's on, I say it once again
Better know the plan to keep us ignorant
Brother to brother, ain't no other can smother
Or erase my case, we marry words with bass
Just another wicked rhyme that I'm rappin on
S1's got my back if the clappin come
Pass on the work, makin sure the words are known
Keep 'em nervous, make 'em understand we servin foes
Keep it goin strong, nevertheless, know the enemy
And never back down, you can take it to press
'Less the mic like the art dart told you before
We for the prize emphasis the fight, now c'mon and rise
