
[TJ Dilenquent]:
Yeah, ugh, cmon, 99, remix
Wha-what, wha-wha-what, y-y-y-y-yo
Playaz of tha Night, cmon, TJ D tear it up, cmon,
Christina, cmon, girl, lemme release ya
Ayo, here we go......


[Christina Aguilera:]
I feel like I've been locked up tight (Uh-huh)
For a century of lonely nights;
Waiting for someone (Who dat, who dat)
To release me.
You're licking your lips and blowing kisses my way, (Yeah, yeah)
But that don't mean I'm gonna give it away; (Cmon girl, wha)
Baby, baby, baby.
(Baby, baby, baby.)

Oh whoa... (Mmmm, cmon, girl)
My body's saying let's go.
Oh whoa... (Sing it for em)
But my heart is saying no.

If you wanna be with me, baby, there's a price you pay.
I'm a genie in a bottle, you gotta rub me the right way. (Yeah, yeah, aight)
If you wanna be with me, I can make your wish come true.
(I know you can, boo)
You gotta make a big impression, I gotta like what you do. (Hahahaaa)

I'm a genie in a bottle, baby. (Wha-what)
Gotta rub me the right way, honey.
I'm a genie in a bottle, baby,
Come, come, come and let me out. (Ima let you out)

The music's playing and the lights' down low,
One more dance and then we're good to go;
Waiting for someone
Who needs me.
My heart is beating at the speed of light,
But that don't mean it's gotta be tonight;
Baby, baby, baby.
(Baby, baby, baby)

[TJ Dilenquent:]
Ugh
Yo....yo, yo yo, cmon,
TJ Dilenquent, Playaz of tha Night, representchall clique yall, wha-what,
play on....
Girl, been searching all over, like a fiendin cassanova and
now I discover
Another lover who let me kiss her
and hug her
and rub her
and love her
thinkin of her, and wanna do this and that
But baby boo unsure and wanna leave it at where tha kissin's at
Girl open yo heart and don't take it so mentally
Cuz we meant to be, I was sent to you like you was sent to me
You been frontin for months and
Takin somethin to nothin
And while you be kissin me, it deepens the possibility,
But makin yo moves so sedutively, makez me less reluctant, see
Baby, it'll be aight, and the feelin's right,
Know this is the night, and you feelin my ice,
We gon take it step by step, day by day
Let the feelin set, go play by play
So whachu say?...

[Christina Aguilera:]
Oh whoa...
My body's saying let's go. (Lets go, girl)
Oh whoa...
But my heart is saying no.

If you wanna be with me, baby, there's a price you pay.
I'm a genie in a bottle, you gotta rub me the right way.
If you wanna be with me, I can make your wish come true.
Come and set me free, baby, and I'll be with you.

I'm a genie in a bottle, baby.
Gotta rub me the right way, honey.
I'm a genie in a bottle, baby,
Come, come, come and let me out. (Here we go.....)

[TJ Dilenquent/Christina sings softly in the background:]
So Ima come, come, come and let you out
Wit no doubt, when we go mouth to mouth
Yeh, boo, thats wha I'm bout,
Get the light's out, right now, and Ima take yo fright's out
Ain't no stoppin it, this lovin shhhhhiiiii
Got a brotha set up to hit, and you gon be lovin it
-So you a genie it a bottle?
Then grant me 3 wishes, lemme taste yo kisses
Cause baby you delicious,
Ain't no more playing with bitches, cause I'm making some switches
Don't need to wish for no riches
Because you're invaluable, and I love you, girl
You gots the full quoitent of my devotion, and you know I care
For yo emotions, love deep as the ocean,
Got my full dedication, along with a fool's infatuation,
Baby I been paitent, for all the days it been
-So you a genie in a bottle?
Then I'm your Aladdin, let's make it happen,
So finish yo yappin as I finish my rappin.
Feel your heart beating and you waiting to be set free
So let me, let you
Make my dreams come true, if you come through, and do
The things, baby, I want you too, I want you, boo,
Make it one night, let's make that night tonight, aight?
Let the teasin turn to pleasin, the deceiving into believeing.
And lemme give you what you needing, now how you feeling?

[Christina Aguilera:]
Oh whoa... (Mmmmm, yeh)
My body's saying let's go. (Let's go, cmon, girl, let's roll)
Oh whoa...
But my heart is saying no. (Damn)

If you wanna be with me, baby, there's a price you pay.
I'm a genie in a bottle, you gotta rub me the right way.
If you wanna be with me, I can make your wish come true.
You gotta make a big impression, I gotta like what you do.

If you wanna be with me, baby, there's a price you pay.
I'm a genie in a bottle, you gotta rub me the right way.
If you wanna be with me, I can make your wish come true.
Come and set me free, baby, and I'll be with you.

[Music fades a bit/TJ Dilenquent:]
Ugh, Christina, that's right
She the genie in the bottle, and Ima make her free wha-what
Platinum Plus, baby, that where we goin.
Ugh, Christina, play on, PotN, play on, RCA play on, Def Jam, play on
Partyin like it 1999, Say what, Christina? Holla back!

[Christina:]
I'm a genie in a bottle, baby, (Wha-wha-what)
Come, come, come and let me out.
