
You guys know anything about drugs?
"Yeah, we're on 'em"
You wanna know about drugs?
Well first of all, I don't know shit about drugs but I just feel like singing about 'em
It was longs ago
Seems like a dream
The day I sucked the air
From a bottle of whipped cream
And I got real high
And things got real slow
"and I started talking like this"
Whats going on?
I don't know
and then I sold my car
For a greatfull dead ticket
Nd my dad yelled at me
nd he grounded me
Nd he said I was a dick It was the worst day of my life
And i'll never forget it
But the very next day
I was doing bong hits in the back of my friends chevvete
So don't tell me we're winning the war on drugs
Cause drugs are like a big old can of Raid and you're all little bugs
And don't tell me to not get high
Cause im as low as i can get without kissing your ass and blowing you at the same time


Man don't tell me about love and peace
When one of the Jones' has a hand gun pointing at me
Dont tell me to "Just say no"
Im an addict, I say no to let me go
Whatever happened to Sex Drugs and rock and roll?
Now we just have AIDS, crack and techno

So they busted me!
I said I say, fuck them up for selling dope
And i went to jail and I wasn't forgiven
Like that little fucker who shot the pope and said "I have the right to remain silent"
But they couldn't explain
How i didn't exist nd I wasnt violent
Cause all ive ever wanted is the right to remain
and then they questioned me, yeah they asked me
WHY?
And I said "I don't think I should be shot for selling pot, this is my little way of saying...
High! And now my record 'sall fucked up"
Nd im not 'llowed to vote
'N two times a week they make me piss in a cup, but what i wanna do is piss down their throats

"ok heres the sensitive part"
Nd they told me the time to change
Cause our parents have Hendrix Janice and Jim, but what about River Phoenix and Kurt Cobain?
And they told me
To praise the Lord
But i've been waiting so long for him to call me back
I think im gonna go and prey at Betty Four
And they told me that life is fair

"BULLSHIT!"

But I cant smoke a plant that was made by God, but I can kill my wife if i'm a football player
'N they told me, Yeah they told me to just ignore
But i'd rather smoke crack outta Nancy Reagen's skull, while getting a blowjob from Tiffard Gold
