
I won't be told anymore
That I've been brought down in this storm
And left so far out from the shore
But I can't find my way back my way anymore


Oh no I won't be told anymore
That I've been brought down in this storm
And left so far out from the shore
Oh that I can't find my way, back my way, anymore

Oh I, I...

Forgive them that tear down my soul
And bless them that they might grow old
And free them so that they may know
That it's never too late

For the many times, what seemed like a memory
I've searched and found the ways you used to lure me in
Oh, I've found the ways, oh, why it had to be
My'd own denial, and so afraid
If we ever find its true,
That we have the strength to choose
Oh, free of all the chains
We have together


"I'm gonna tell you a story"
"Stand up for righteousness"
"Eh...what..."
"Stand up for justice"
"Eh...what..."
"Stand up for truth"
"How can a person grow up with all this around them?"
"You gotta call on that something"
"Where does it come from?"
"That can make a way out of no way"
"All this hatred"
"What we've got here is..."
"That power that can make a way out of no way"
"Failure to communicate"
"I tell you I've seen the lightning flash, I've heard the thunder roar."
"Everybody's actin' like we can do anything and it don't matter what we do.
Maybe we gotta be extra careful because maybe it matters more than we even know."
"Sometimes"
"Hatred isn't something you're born with"
"I feel discouraged"
"It gets taught"
"Sometimes I feel discouraged"
"I felt this... fear!"
"He promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. No, never alone, no, never alone."
"Let's get somethin' straight, alright?"
"He promised never to leave me."
"This whole thing is fucked up!"
"Never to leave me alone!"
"Well, all men betray, all lose heart!"
"I don't wanna lose heart! I wanna believe!"
"Black men and white men together at the table of brotherhood. I have a dream."
"Free at last! Free at last!"
"Thank God almighty!! WE ARE FREE AT LAST!!"

Oh I won't be told anymore (if we ever find its true)
That I've been brought down in this storm (That we have the strength to choose)
And left so far out from the shore. (Oh, freed of all the chains)
That I can't find my way back my way, anymore (We have together)

Oh no I won't be told anymore (If we ever find its true)
That I've been brought down in this storm (That we have the strength to choose)
And left so far out from the shore (Oh freed of all the chains)
That I can't find my way back my way, anymore (We held together)
