
[Vanessa]
Man I'm so sick and tired of fucking with this steel. 
They only give us 30 minutes to eat lunch and chill. 
My body achin just to get a buck. 
I'm sick of eating this shit off this fucking lunch truck. 
Nasty ass food. I'm in a nasty ass mood. 
I should've called in sick. 
Shit, I had something to do. 


[Mike]
I can't believe I'm hearing all this ravin and rantin. 
From Vanessa up in here at the New Detroit stampin. 
You need to get your food and take your ass back to work. 
Your dreamin if you think them corny ass raps will work. 
Look at ya'll freezin out here like dumb fucks, 
rappin away for food off this ragedy lunch truck. 
Who want wut? who pumped up? to get rolled up. 
I spit venom in every direction, soak some up. 
Look at this fat ass nigga, sloppy sucker. 
You an ugly mother fucker 
your pop should've wore a rubber. 
Stop rhymin keep your day job Vanessa. 
Next time leave that bull shit home on the dresser. 
Speaking of dresses take a look at Paul the fruitcake. 
When you travel you probly pack panties in your suitcase. 
Made out of lace from Victoria's secret. 
If 10 men came in a cup you'd probly drink it. 

[B-Rabbit]
Ok folks enough with the gay jokes 
especially from a gay broke bitch yourself, eh loc? 
His style is doo doo. 
You've worked here longer then me 
and I get paid more then you do. 
Dawg, take a seat. 
Wut's this guy standing in line for? He ain't got money to eat. 
Check this out yo yo. 
This guy cashed his whole pay check and bought 1 ho ho. 
Fucking homo little maggot. 
You can't hack it. 
Paul's gay ... your a faggot. 
At least he admits it. Don't even risk it. 
This guys starvin to death someone get him a biscuit! 
I don't know wut they told you Mike ... 
you must had them cornrolls rolled too tight. 
This job you wanna quit but you can't. 
You've worked at this plant so long ... your a plant. 
Look at your goddam boots 
for christ sakes they're starting to grow roots. 
On this mic you get faded. 
You look like a pissed off rapper who never made it. 
Hey why you fucking with gay guy G? 
when really your the one whos got the HIV. 
Man I'm done with this clown he's soft. 
Fuck it ... I'll let home girl finish you off.

[Vanessa]
A guy like you would never get a read woman
you jackass go jack off
that's the only way you comin'...
