
How come we dont even talk no more
And you dont even call no more
We dont barely keep in touch at all
And I dont even feel the same love when we hug no more
And I heard it through the grape vine we even beefin now
After all the years we been down
Aint no way no how, this bullshit can't be true
We family and aint a damn thing changed, unless it's you


[Eminem]
So young, so full of life in vibrant
Side by side wherever you was ridin' I went
So close, almost on some bonnie &amp; clyde shit
When ronnie died you was right by my side with a shoulder to cry on
Tissue to wipe my eyes, and a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it
You even had the same type of childhood I did
Sometimes I just want to know why is it that you surcame to yours
And mine I survived it. You ran the streets, I 9 to 5'd it
We grew up, grew apart, as time went by us
Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises
Now I feel a vibe I just cant describe it
As much as your pride tries to hide it
Your cold, your touch it's just like ice
In your eyes is the look of resentment
I can sense it, and I dont like it

[Kon artis]
It was my dream at first to be on spittin' a verse
On my own album with a deal but shit got worse
So I came out, I woulda killed a nigga first
Before I let him disrespect me and check me over some worst.
Some bitch that I wasn't with, I would hit her then quit
But you would pull a talk with her and tell her she was the shit
I told you dont get involved in it, you was smokin the chron with her
Comin' out of the bar with her stumblin half drunk
Like y'all was husband and wife or somethin'
But me catchin' you fuckin' other niggers musta hurt your pride or somethin'
Cause you won't fuck at the mouth with people like you wanted with me
When all I tried to do was show you that your bitch was shifty
And ever since the fans and all the shit that I produced
You actin' like I ain't your man and lyin' like she can't be loose
But I am really your friend, I'm just tryin' to tell you the truth
But dont hate the game or the player
Cause the one that's changing is you

[Proof]
You're only at the top cause my homie had to stop,
Now we actin' like I gotta live only for the block.
And homies in the hood, only she be on the tube,
Only gossip on the porch, get to speakin' on who.
Fools I used to rap with all expect magic
Like my finger get to snappin' and *poof* it just happen.
But proof is just actin out the party was stoned,
Shady made it so my babys ain't starvin' at home.
See the devil in you grin, since the ghetto we been friends,
Whenever real intelligence thats forever till the end.
I peep the hatred in your eyes and the satan in your lives
And wastin' my times with these snakes in disguise.
(How come) when you talk it's with bitter and spite,
And (how come) it's my fault for what you did with your life
And everytime I go to hear you and play you look away.
We barely embrace, you can't even look me in my face.
