
Girl:  yea...(laughter)...whoooo...shit
Hmmm, whoaaa, hmm ...
Guess what?
I ain't coming in yet, i'll come in in a minute
Aiyo, this is my love song. it goes like this....


Back when mark wallburg was marky mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to...mix in with bacardi dark
And when it... kicks in you can hardely talk
And by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl
And you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf
And my pre-...diction is that you gon probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
And every-... things spinnin your beginning to think women areswimmin in
Pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches
You have the right to remain violent and start wildin
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eye'n ya
Get in the car and start it and start drivin
Over the island and cause a 42 car pile up
Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this planetsir, no
Sign of it
All i could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and i'm so high that imight die if
I go by it.
Let me out of this place i'm outta place, i'm in in outter space,i've just
Vanished without a trace.
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow, i'll beback in an
Hour or so.

Cuz every time i go to try to leave (whoa-o-o)
Someone keeps pullin on my sleeve (whoa-o-o)
I dont wanna but i gotta stay (whoa-o-o)
These drugs really gotta hold on me (whoa-o-o)
Cuz everytime i try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o)
I'm a sucker all i gotta say (whoa-o-o)
Is drug's really gotta hold on me

In third grade all i used to do, was sniff glue through a tubeand play rubix
Cube
Seventeen years later i'm as rude as jude (reference to rude judewho makes frequent apperances on jenny jones)
Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I got no game, and every face looks the same
They got no name, so i don't need game to play
I just say whatever i want, to whoever i want, whenever i want,wherever i
Want, however i want
However i do show some respect to few
This ecstacy has got me standin next to you
Gettin sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you
We just met, but i think i'm in love with you
But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too,
Wake up in the morning like "what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch, you know i got stuff to do, cuz if i get caughtcheatin
Then i'm stuck with you
But in the long run these drugs are gonna catch up sooner orlater
But fuck it i'm on one, so let's enjoy, let the ex destroy yourspinal chord,
So it's not a straight line no more
So we walk around lookin like some wind-up dolls, shit stickinout of our
Backs like a dinosaur,
Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more, so bye for now,i'm gonna try
To find some more

Chorus

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow itall
Wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it
And whats a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and whats a littlefight,
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life, live it however you wanna
Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin
Cuz none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin
They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin, even thoughyou wake up
Feelin like shit every mornin.
But your young, you got a lot of drugs to do, girls to screw,parties to
Crash, sucks to be you
If i could take it all back now i wouldn't, i woulda did moreshit that
People said that i shouldnt
But i'm all grown up now, and upgraded and graduated to betterdrugs and
Updated
But i still gotta a lot of growin up to do, i still gotta wholelot of
Throwin up to spew
But when it's all said and done i'll be forty before i know itwit a 40 on
The porch tellin stories
With a bottle of jack, two grandkids on my lap, babysitting forhailey, while
Hailey's out gettin shmashed.

Chorus x 2
Drugs really gotta hold on me
Really got a hold on me
Drugs really gotta hold on me
They really got a hold on me
