
Aww, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper, wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you
Sit down bitch, if you move again I’ll beat the shit out of you!


Kim: OK!
Eminem: Don't make me wake this baby, she don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you? Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh, what's a matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch, you’re gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like allright, you wanna throw me out, that's fine
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look it, Kim, look at your husband now
Kim: No!
Eminem: I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now, is he? Little punk
Kim: Why are you doing this?
Eminem: Shut the fuck up!
Kim: You're drunk, you're never gonna get away with this
Eminem: You think I give a fuck?
Come on, we're going for a ride, bitch
Kim: No
Eminem: Sit up front
Kim: We can't just leave Haley alone, what if she wakes up?
Eminem: We'll be right back. Well I will, you'll be in the trunk

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Eminem: You really fucked me, Kim, you really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up
Kim: I love you
Eminem: Oh, God, my brain is racing
Kim: I love you
Eminem: What are you doing? Change the station
I hate this song. Does this look like a big joke?
Kim: No
Eminem: There's a four year old little boy laying dead with a slit throat
In your living room, haha, what, you think I'm kidding you?
You loved him, didn't you?
Kim: No
Eminem: Bullshit, you bitch, don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly, don't you?
Kim: It's not that
Eminem: No, you think I'm ugly
Kim: Baby
Eminem: Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I hate you, I hate you, I swear to God I hate you, oh, my God, I love you
How the fuck could you do this to me?
Kim: Sorry
Eminem: How the fuck could you do this to me?

So long
Bitchm you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Eminem: Come on, get out
Kim: I can't, I'm scared
Eminem: I said get out, bitch!
Kim: Let go of my hair, please don't do this, baby
Please, I love you. Look, we can just take Haley and leave
Eminem: Fuck you!
You did this to us, you did it, it's your fault
Oh, my God, I’m cracking up, get a grip, Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny, wasn't it?
Kim: Yes
Eminem: That was funny, wasn't it?!
Kim: Yes!
Eminem: See, it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife
And, during the struggle, he accidentally gets his Adam’s apple sliced
Kim: No
And while this is going on, his son just woke up, and he walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
Kim: Oh, my God
So now they both dead, and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide, with no note
I should’ve known better when you started to act weird, we coulda
Hey! Where you going? Get back here
You can't run from me, Kim, it's just us, nobody else
You're only making this harder on yourself
Haha, gotcha, go ahead, yell
Here I'll scream with you. Ah, somebody help!
Don't you get it, bitch? No one can hear you
Now shut the fuck up, and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me!
Now bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed!

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
