
{Intro}
*Yawning*
Yeah, look


{Verse 1}
If I were to rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you'd probably want me to take
Cause you're just dying to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say somthin' about Paul Wall you'd probably crap in your pants
Cause I'm white and he's white
So he's like, my competition I mean, right?
Nope, Paul Wall is dope and so is Bubba
So, BLALALALAPFFTTTTT
B-b-b-b-b-b-but I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali Shuffle
And dance around my opponents, do doughnuts
Sometimes I play possum like I'm asleep, it's awesome
I'm like a sleeping giant and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from out of nowhere and bite prey
And sink my teeth in him and fill him full of poison 
And make a noise like a snake before I kill him
And let him know that I just don't feel him
And smack him with the backward E, the Eminem emblem
I was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face him
Tell him why, look him dead in the eye then waste him
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
Then swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls
For this rap game and it g-g-goes
1-2-3, *chick chick* 1-2-3, *chick chick*1-2-3
That ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers, "Come nearer"

{Chorus}
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

{Verse 2}
"Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here
Talk to me, sit here, pull up a chair
Why don't you cut your hair? Ha ha ha ha ha
Dye it back, come on try it"
Ahh! No, I told you leave me the fuck alone, will you!
"But I'm here to rebuild you"
But I already killed you!
"But Shady, we were meant for each other
Think about your mother"
Yeah, so what of her?
"You think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes…" Fuck you, motherfucker!
I had you beat "No, I was playing possum
'Member? I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your soul's mine
I'm taking it back" You fucking bitch, why?!?!
"Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster?" Ha ha ha

{Chorus}
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

{Verse 3}
"Shady, listen *crowd screams SHADY*, you hear that?
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back
"Yes you do"
No I don't
"Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later"
No I won't
"I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday
"Well I got him on the phone right now"
You're lyin'…
"Yo, Slim!" How, why now?!
What up Dre?
"Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya
I don't know it just seems like ever since you got off your
Drugs, you became a lot softer"
But Dre, all Shady is, is a bottle of hair bleach and Vodka
"Well, just think about it Slim, I don't care
Just hit me back and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror! (Ahh!)
"I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you, let me guide you"
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch!
"Put the gun down" Bye bye! *gunshot*
Ok, I'm still alive "So am I too,
You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to (ha ha ha ha)
You sold your soul to me, need I remind you
You remember that night you
Prayed to God, you'd give anything to get a record deal when Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life, Marshall, right through
Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, woo!
Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing that downside to
Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil
Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall, "Whatt!!"
No one's gonna love you like I do

{Chorus}
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I said, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
