
Only reason I dissed you in the first place is because you denied seeing me
Now I'm pissed off


Sit back on me and relax, in fact grab a six pack
Kick back while I kick facts
Yeah Dre's sick track, perfect way to get back
Wanna hear something wick wack?
I got the exact same tat that's on Nick's back

I'm obsessed now
Oh gee, is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee
Wow Mariah, I didn't expect her to go balls out
Bitch, shut the fuck up before I put all them phone calls out 
You made to my house when you was wild 'n out before Nick
When you was on my dick and give you somethin to smile about

How many times you fly to my house? Still trying to count
Better shut your lying mouth if you don't want Nick finding out
You probably think cuz it's been so long 
if i had something on you I woulda did it by now
On the contrary, Mary Poppins, I'm mixing our studio session down 
And sending it to mastering to make it loud

Enough dirt on you to murder you
This is what the fuck I do
Mariah, it ever occur to you that I still have pictures?
However you prefer to do and goes for Nick too, faggot
You think I'm scared of you?

You gonna ruin my career you better get one
Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt 
That made me put up with her psycho ass over 6 months 
And only spread her legs to let me hit once

Yeah, what you gonna say? I'm lucky? 
Tell the public that I was so ugly 
That you fucking had to be drunk to fuck me?
Second base? What the fuck you tell Nick, punk?
In the second week we was dry humping. It's gotta count for something.

Listen, girly. Surely you don't want me to talk about how I nutted early 
cos ejaculated prematurely and bust all over your belly, 
and you almost started hurling and said I was gross, 
go get a towel you're stomach's curling. 

Or maybe you do.
But if I'm embarrassing me, I'm embarrassing you 
And don't you dare say it isn't true.
As long as the song's getting airplay I'm dissing you.
I'm a hair away from getting carried away and getting sued.

I was gonna stop at 16. This is 32. This is 34 bars. We ain't even a third of the way through.
Damn, Slim. Mariah played you. Mariah who?
Oh did I say "whore", Nick? I meant a liar too.

Like I've been goin off on you all this time for no reason.
Girl you out ya alcholic mind. Check ya wine cellar. 
Look at all the amounts of all the wine.
Like I fucking sit around and think about you all the time.

I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme.
But fuck it now i'm about to draw the line.
And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb.
I can describe areas of your house that you wouldn't find on an episode of Cribs

A blubba load ribs if I hear another word so don't go opening your jibs 
'Cos every time you do it's just another load of fibs
I ain't saying this shit again, ho. You know what it is.

It's a warning shot for before I blow up ya whole spot
Call my bluff and I'll release every fucking thing I got
Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top
When me and Luis were tryin' to stick two CD's in the same spot

(Slim Shady I love you)
I love you too
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo. Now what you say?
(It's nothing)
Guess what I'll do?
I'll refresh your memory when you said "I want you"

Now should I keep going or should we call truce?
(You think you're cute, right? Hahaha)
You bet your sweet ass I do
(I'm Mary Poppins, b)
And I'm Superman, mmm
(Mary P. Slim Shady)
Comin' at you

So if you'll still be my (babygirl)
Then I'll still be your (Superhero, Wilma M.)
Yeah, I'm right here
(You like this)
Nope. Not anymore, Dear.

It cuts like a (knife) when I tell ya get a (life)
But I'm movin on with mine
Nick, is that your (wife)
Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone
If she don't (sing this script?) then I'ma just keep goin

(I see Mary Ann. Mary Ann's saying "cut the tape, cut the tape". Knife!)
