
[Intro]
Yeah...
You know, technically...
I'm not even really supposed to be here right now
So fuck it
Might as well make the most of it


Feels good!
Guess I'm lucky
Some of us don't get a second chance
But I ain't blowing this one
Nah, man...
Shit, I feel like I can do anything now

[Verse 1]
Who can catch lightning in the bottle, set fire to water?
Coming out the nozzle on the fire hose
Flyer than swatters

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man...

Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man...

There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict
I start the bug, prick, you better flee, 'cause I get ticked
It's a rap, I was down, when I was down, I was kicked
I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick, it's a trap
Fuck my last CD, that shit's in my trash
I be god damned if another rapper gets in my ass
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last
You can die in the blink of an eye
So bat your eyelashes, and keep winking and blowing kisses
Cause you're flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood, I ain't just hurting your rap
I catch a flow and get going
No remorse I'm showing, ain't slowing for no one
Knowing there is nothing you can do about it
Zero is on my target like a marksman
The target is you
I shut your lane down
Took your spot, parked in it too
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid saliva, what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up, stand behind you like "whoooo!"
That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn Satan too
Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
See you can hate him, he don't blame you, frankly he would too
This game could ill afford to lose him
How 'bout you? Now guess who? (hey)
Here's a clue (hey)
He came to a ball in his wife beater
Lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass
He's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too
Now, what's his name?

[Hook]
Cinda-rella man, Cinda-rella man, Cinda-rella, Cinda-rella man, Cinda-rella man
(Hey Hey)
(If I had a time machine I'd be Cin...)
Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man Cinderella man
(Music is my time machine, so call me)
Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man

[Verse 2]
Fuck catchin' lighting, he struck it, screamed "shut up" at thunder
And flipped the world upside down, and made it rain upward

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man

Rewound the future to the present, paused it, don't ask how
Fuck the past, motherfucker, he's the shit right now!

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man

Cinderella man, Cinderfella, Shady dane
Came to wrap the game up in cellophane
Raise hell, from hell he came
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story
Nor did he come to do the same, he can't afford to be
A lame-o in this day and age
And at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly
So say bye to the old
"H-I" to the new que sera
Consider it his last hurrah
The coup de gras
Raise 'em high in the sky, keep 'em up
Time to bring the place alive
Thanks for being patient, I will make no more mistakes
Shit, my... potato's baked homie

Yeah, fag, the steaks are high!
Shit, I ain't even suppose to be here
By the grace of god, the skin on my teeth
And the hair on my nuts, I skated by
Now ya'll are on thin ice with ankle weights, I hate to lie
How fucking irritated are you? How much in your face am I?
And ain't shit you can do, but fear it,
Proof is here in spirit
And I'm a spitting image, I mirror it when I stand near it
Your pussy lyric, I "cunt" hear it
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists, who? (hey)
Here's a clue (hey)
He came to a ball in his wife beater
Lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass
He's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too
Now, what's his name?

[Hook]
Cinda-rella man, Cinda-rella man, Cinda-rella, Cinda-rella man, Cinda-rella man, (hey hey)
(If I had a time machine...)
Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man
(Music is my time machine, so call me...)
Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man
