
[Verse 1]
Girl I think you just might of tried to pull a motherfuckin' fast one; I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade, tryna play games, see this saw blade
See this silhouette of a stalker in your walkway, better cooperate
Or get suateed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet you can hear a motherfuckin' dog whistle when I walk by
Call (??) stuntin' on that ass like a fuckin' fall guy
I don't gas my Mercedes at the mid man, I treat it like a (??)
Cuz it will turn into a gremlin, and run over kids, women and men
Vrnn Vrnn, motor so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch gimme them digits while you cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin will I spend spend
Even ten cents on you since when
Did you think it'll cost me a pretty penny
Shiit, if I think a penny's pretty, just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie-meenie-miney-mo, catch an eskimo by his toe
While he's tryna roll a snowball
But, don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers better let him go y'all!


[Chorus]
Do you love me?
Now here we go, go go!

[Verse 2]
Get up baby, get a move on, like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
Who woulda ever think of this shit, yeah honey you called?
Well here I come, have a (??) on a beat I reek it
Evil, I see, hear, and speak it
Lady put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfuckin' chicken before it hatches
Cuz you can bet your ass that, we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken in Titans when they clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad you're gon' have Kurt Kobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line run it up the flagpole
With Elton, see if he's cool with it (kh)
Don't stand there and look stupid at me
Bitch I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick Google it, til it pops up
Y'all just so motherfuckin' full of shit that you stopped up
Me I'm always shittin' diarrhea outta mouth
Til your speakers crap out, pfft, huh what?
Girl you got a hot butt, like a lit cigarette
(J-Jrrga what) But you won't get a hot fudge sundae
From me so don't strut my way, slut because…

[Chorus]
Do You love me
Now here we go, go go!

[Verse 3]
And now that I got your panties in a bunch and your bowels in an uproar
Imma show you why I came so you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt whore, I know you want more
Bitch it's time to put the fuckin' math back into Mathers cuz I'm a fuckin' [problem], run boy
Every flow got it mastered, so every last word that you fuckin' fags heard
Straight from the bitches ass, yeah in other words I'm a bas(turd)
Lookin' at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank, yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me so remorse, I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out Hannibal, understandable
Why you're jealous, fuckin' animal, I got cannibal
(??) now can you hoe
"Shady I don't understand your flow", understand my flow
Bitch I flow like Troy (??) hair boy
Don't you dare try to follow or compare boy
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare, stay the fuck outta my hair boy
You can look, you can stare and point, but you can't touch, don't you [(??)]
I don't get it man is there a void, all this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well bitch I'm back, with some shit for that ass
And your trunk, elephant, [hemorrhoids]
And remember boys…

[Chorus]
Do you love me?
Now here we go, go go!

Thank you for coming out!
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Until next time… haha
Peace!
