
I am not Jasmine, I'm Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is laggin'
See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin'
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin'
So fuck I look like gettin' back to a has-been?
Yeah, I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flatscreen
(Haha) Plasma
Hey Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars, Xenocin
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that hoe, punt
Forced trauma, blunt
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cuttin' it
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't fuckin' with
You li'l brag a lot, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie, camera block
You outta work, I know it's tough
But enough is enough
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon


[Eminem]
I ain't into S&amp;M, but my whip's off the chain
A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame
Twisted-ass mind, got a pretzel for a brain
An eraser for a head, fuckin' pencil for a frame
You don't like it then peel off, bitch
Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off, and I still wouldn't fuck you, slut
So wipe the smile on your grill off, I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off
Get the wheels turnin', spin, and wheel off
Snap the axel in half, bust the tie-rod
Quit hollerin' "Why, God?" He ain't got shit to do with it
Bygones'll never be bygones, so won't be finished swallowin' my wad
I ain't finished blowin' it, nice bra
Hope it'll fit a tough titty, bitch
Life's hard, I swear to God, life is a dumb blonde white broad
With fake tits and a bad dye job
Who just spit in my fuckin' face and called me a fuckin' tightwad
So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod
And caught her stealin' my music, so I tied her arms and legs to the bed
Set up the camera and pissed twice on her
Look, two pees and a tripod!
The moral to the story is, life's treatin' you like dry sod?
Kick it back in its face, my God
It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd
But don't ask why, bitch (Ask why not)
The wo-world is my punchin' bag and
If I'm garbage, you're a bunch of maggots
Make that face, go on, scrunch it up at me
Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it
Like a, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon
You musta went off the back, I'm 'bout to go off the deep end
I told you to stay in your lane, you just choked in traffic

[Nicki Minaj]
(I-I-I-I-Is) Is this the thanks that I get for puttin' you bitches on?
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Shoulda sent a thank-you note, you little ho
Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow
(Ni-ni-ni) "Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot"
Word, that bitch mad 'cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you ain't shittin', then get off the pot
Got some niggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top
I-I-I-I hear them mumblin', I hear the cacklin'
I got 'em scared, shook, panickin'
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a stand, still, mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherfuckin' boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my niggas gettin' bucked, overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy-ass, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches callin' me Manning, Eli
(Manning, Eli!) Ma, ma-ma-ma-ma, Manning, Eli
These bitches callin' me (Manning, Eli)

[Eminem]
A-a-a-a-all you li'l faggots can suck it
No home, but I'ma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets
And I'm crooked enough to make straitjackets bend
Yeah, look who's back again, bitch, keep actin' as if
You have the same passion that I have
Yeah, right, still hungry, my ass
You assdicks had gastric bypass
Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass
And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids (Eyelash!)
Go take a flyin' leap of faith off a fuckin' balcony
'Fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass
You know what time it is, so why ask?
When Shady and Nicki's worlds class
It's (high class) meets (white trash)
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Grown men! Grown men!
Stop it, stop it!
You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Slim Shady!
What's goin' on?
They'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell!
I promise!
Take your mother's warning, Roman
Pleaaaaaaase
Back to bed! Run along!
Let's go! Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys
(Boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys)
