
[Intro:]
YEAH!
Haha!


[Bridge:]
I'm a G.O.A.T!
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T is
It means the greatest of all time and I consider myself one of those.
So thank you very much, here it goes!

[Verse 1:]
This is the part I was worried about - everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
And I'm in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes.
And everyone's telling me what I should do and how I should come out and what to rap about
And I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out.
And I'm not sure how this is gonna come off they're probably gonna think that I'm coming off as cocky
(Haha!) like I just started giving a fuck what you really think about me!
See? The thing about me - is you don't really know a thing about me.
Everyone's making a stink about me. - Like there's some kind of a aura of that of the king around me.
Surround me with nothin' but gangstas, killas, and bangas and the most dangerous
Criminals and I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors.
But, see my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave.
Why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other MC's?
So when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-Z, please, be that just subliminally!
Means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's the only one up in that league; see?
And it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
Knowing goddamn well that I'm one of the best mothafuckin' rappers who ever lived period!

[Chorus:]
I'm a G.O.A.T! - And I don't mean to gloat but I know what I know
And I know what you think an' these magazines'll never put it in ink
Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T?
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T is
It means the greatest of all time and I consider myself one of those.
So thank you very much, here it goes!

[Verse 2:]
Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game so they gotta go try to find 'em
A new EMINEM or a new Shady, if they think it's gonna happen man, I thought I was crazy.
Or maybe I could be takin' it wrong, and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
So let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way!
See? You hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that Paul Wall's white
Cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see? He's just aight!
And Bubba Sparxxx? He just won't write. - Because he's so caught up in that snow white
That Timbaland can't even get him in the studio, he's so gone off that coke, right?
And it's so sad, cause he's dope, right? - America's next great white hope, right?
So now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny-ass white rapper show, right?
And which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about. - They said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out.
There's somethin' about a white boy talking black and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth.
And I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit: "Isn't it ironic that
The best rapper's white
