
You're going to be okay, kid. You're going to be okay.

HOOK - Claret Jai
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me.


VERSE ONE - Royce
Always been the type of dude that'll feed my clique
I know that without the fans, I ain't shit
But y'all better read my lips
I don't spit raps this ill, for you to just hack and steal
And leak my shit, so peep my drift
I hope y'all don't think you're helping me out with that shit
That shit stressin' me out
Nickel nine is blowin' up
Christmas time, you should hang my album on top of your fireplace
Cause around that time, my stocking's goin' UP
Feels like a victory, bittersweet, cause the bigger I get?
The bigger the wedge, between the relationship of me and my bigger bro
Hear what I said?
Feels like the shit just switched on me
Everything I do for the nigga, and the nigga know
I would do anything for him, but the nigga refuse
To just quit straight shittin' on me
Keepin' your distance? Probably best if you don't wanna fuck with me
But you know me probably best, fuck pity
You want that? You know it's like .... chest
Tough titty, the problems, you gotta problem, you think I'm already set
So I'mma look down on you? Just be proud of me
You already got my respect
I ain't gonna say something I regret
So I'mma just STOP, chasing the pain
Let you deal with the fact we don't get along cause I got a big face in the game
Sometimes I feel like fuck my life
I fuck with a few niggas that I know that if my chick was a Shady ho?
Niggas wouldn't think twice before they fuck my wife
Guess that's the difference in friends and associates
I done been broke, I done been through the motions
I don't pay no attention to birds
I use my scope to tend to the vultures
No one ever blows up ..?.. talk
I don't make money just to lone it to y'all
Tell a nigga that the new album is like ...?... is like talking to a hole in the wall
..?..these niggas expensive
If I need to loan you money every time I see you just to be your friend?
I don't need your friendship

(hook) - Claret Jai
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me.
And I give, and I give
And you take, and you take
And you just walk away without nothing to say
And I give you my all and you just take from me (ay ay) x2

VERSE TWO - Eminem
I live in a bubble, I struggle with the fame
Trouble as the pain grows double, give a fuck what you say
When my music you take so subtle, just to give it away
To people who don't even appreciate flows, motherfucker, I'm living today
Cause I break my back to give you my art, you steal my thoughts
It's like driving a spike through my heart
You might think it's not that big of a deal to steal from me
But music is all I got
Aside from my daughters, not trying to sound like a martyr
But it's getting harder than I thought
To not just go crazy, trapped in this house, I'm about to just snap
And I might not deserve it but I got to, did I not work for it?
Put it all in every record I rip for
When the ...
But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb like many think
SO FUCK THEM
They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they say it was ill, right?
The way I kill mics? But the way i feel right now?
It just feels like I'm so done with this shit I might as well wipe
I have nothing else to give you, nothing left to contribute
Farewell I bid you, but before I go, my last gift to you
Ladies and gentleman, Slaughterhouse I give you!

(hook)
