
The poor stays poor, the rich get richer.
It's just so disproportionate...


Get outta here!


(hook) - Claret Jai

Sometimes life seems so unfortunate
That's why I don't give a shit
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer
It's just so disproportionate
You don't know just what I go through
That's why I would rather show you
Just how far that I can take it
Every rule I'm breaking it


(Verse One - Eminem)

Terrible, but not rippable, invincible, I hung invisible
Fucking mistletoe over the world, stuck my ass up under it
Now pucker them lips and kiss it ho
Here we go, Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go
The competition's miserable, we stomped them bitches, this is no joke
Going overboard like someone threw us off the boat
Choke, cough from all the smoke, I'm tryina' stay on fire
So you know if I hate fucking water sprinklers I don't like no ho
Someone let the cat out the bag, now it's time to stuff it's face
Back in this bitch, smother that little motherfucker until it suffocates
(who?) You! ?
Tryina' be so sick but Bad and Evil is reunited, hey!
Came back to annihilate, the game is in dire straits
As I await, world satan as I drop ...?...Ouija board and I pray
Now I lay me down to sleep, I do this shit in my sleep
So now imagine if I awake!
I'm champ, bitch, I've never tasted Cannibus
Can never be no damn wuss, no pussy, never mushy, so you can't squish
No where near twisted, in fact if I jump out and sneak attack a taxi
Only time you'll hear me say I ambush
Outlandish, these words are weapons that I brandish
Stand off, hoes get your hands off, this ?
So why the fuck would I sugar coat it for?
No, fuck protocol, I'd yell at this whore but now my throat is sore


(hook)


(Verse Two - Royce)

Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you threw acid on me
I'm at your homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you napping
Homie, have, everything on, and around your mattress
Looking like the word in front of a matrimony
You high? Thug? Yeah
Go ahead, jump, no matter how high you get, you gon' come up short like Spud Web (?)
My DUIs get waved like saying bye
Still, riding with no Ls like James Tide (?)
Can't change, I thank God for my safe thinking
Last time I'm safe thinking, me and my niggas doin' a bank job
I stay violent, y'all going the peace route
You got a mouth like Kanye, I'll knock your entire bottom row of teeth out
No disrespect to Mr. West, shit, I'm just nice with mine
And this just rap, just like Ricky Hatton I just like to line
These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough
They asked me for a hook, I tell em' left or right? And a cut!
Whatchy'all messin' with this? A nigga that'll leave you FUBAR
Fucked up beyond all recognition
Y'all are rockstars, I'm the opposite
I could just throw a rock and hit a star for the FOCK of it
Partner, you're not hard, I body a hot bar
This beef has left you praying, Allah a Ackbar!
Let's go, when I leave y'all shot you ain't gon' be on your Metro
In a bad area (?)


(hook)
