
All these little young kids aint got no direction
Shit, these lil kids is on everything
Syrup. Painkillers. Cigarette. Weed. Hennessy. Vodka. hahaha ha


I'm on everything

Syrup. Painkillers. Cigarette. Weed. Hennessy. Vodka. hahaha ha

I'm on everything

[Royce Da 5'9"]
I'm on syrup painkillers, cigarette, weed
Sober don't interest me
I'm on everything
Bout to sip the liquor like it's caine
Thats how high I am

I take painkillers to ease the pain
Though I aint in pain
No, we, ain't the same, we drunk
I'm on everything

'Cept when I kick it, gout
Me sobering up, ha, alf
Cash rules everything, acid tab, hash, 'rooms
I done woke up with a f-cking tiger in my bathroom
I am f-cking high, high, high, high
Menace to society I feel sorry for your mother
Me and Vicious on 'shrooms
Call us the Mario brothers
Back down, we never back down
Never laid out
Can't put my back down

Syrup, Painkillers, Cigarette, Weed, Hennessy, Vodka,
I'm on everything (x5)

[Eminem]
Painkillers, I call 'em 'caine pillars
'Cause they'll hold me up when I take 'em
I need a cane and pillows
I'm on everything

Sick when I kick it, barf
Me sobering up, fart
I crush ya brain like a pill crusher, lets crush a pill yeah
F-ck, I think I just crushed my last Tylenol 3 up

Grab the key up off the counter till the camp all left the crib
Man, whoda knew that 3 in the morning I'd still be up
Could barely see up over the steering wheel, crashed the whip, tore a tree up
On my way to the dealer's, tryna re-up
Call me Brett Favre, spell it F-A-V-R, E, yep
It's wrong, other words I just f-cked my RV up
Bitch, it's on again yeah, break that Klonopin in half
While I smoke some chronic in the cab with Donovan McNabb
And I dye my hair back blonde again and laugh
I'm the real macaroni you cheesy bitch, I'm demonic with the craft
There's a devil in my noodle, you angel hair pasta
Flows dreaded like some f-cking tangled hair rasta…
…farian, Jamaican, relax, man
I'll send a f-cking axe at you if you insist on a f-cking accent
Bad and Evil is back with an epidural, c heck ya girl
'Cause after we prop you up, we propping her up
So, baby, come put ya feet up in these stirrups
Your boyfriend better find another f-cking whore to smash the stir up
We rap like we're on

Syrup, Painkillers, Cigarette, Weed, Hennessy, Vodka,
I'm on everything (x5)

Syrup, Painkillers, Cigarette, Weed, Hennessy, Vodka,
I'm on everything (x5)

[Royce Da 5'9"]
I'm on syrup painkillers, cigarette, speed
Uh, classic!
It's Eminem and him again, my sentiments exactly
I told that bitch to get at me, then the bitch attacked me
Kid you not, I'm lit up as f-ck, tablecloth tucked in my pants
Then I'm hearing dishes drop, 'cause I walked away from my dinner with schmucks

[Eminem]
Then I aimed to the front of the K-Mart shopping center
Wit' a coupon book and a hundred and ten bucks
And a bunch of change and wife beater with a mustard stain
I'll crush your brain like I'm crushing pills
What the f-ck's the muthf-cking deal?
This shit's making me feel like I'm tryna do a muthf-ckin cartwheel up a hill

[Royce Da 5'9"]
How many bars, how many tabs?
A-c-i-d, y-e-s, 'cause I'm sniffin NYES

[Eminem]
F-u-c-ked up, and it's obvious

[Royce Da 5'9"]
Smoking Henny in my chest

[Eminem]
I'm B-A-N-A-N-A-S

[Royce Da 5'9"]
I'm a C-O-C-O-N-U-T

[Eminem]
Put this CD in and you'll see
The sequel to Scary Movie, bad is to evil, the roofie to Roethlisberger

[Royce Da 5'9"]
You are gonna wind up six feet deep
Under that shits creek so I hope that you want preservers

[Eminem]
You could put a turd on the plate
Silverware on the tablecloth to serve us
You don't bring shit to the table
I mean your grill like a Seville when a mark gets murdered
You pushing the envelope, and I'm shovin' that whole post office further
Right off the surface, to the serpents in the darkest and the farthest corner

[Royce Da 5'9"]
How many bars, how many bars
Maui, wowee, sour diesel, how many jars,
To all my people I'll be the Mars, mommy come on
She can actually wrap my nutsack 'round the back of her neck in a bathroom stall
And she can just puke from sipping this piss from my 24-inch catheter cord

[Eminem]

I'm the type that'll take a bath wit' a whore
Drown her, bang her head on the passenger door
When I'm stashin' 'er in the back, smackin' her forehead on the dash
And its accidentally blowin', a Benz jeep horn

[Royce]

My friends be knowin' that when I'm on a binge, I'm stingy
Even when I'm ten deep in a room with the MG and and wit' Lindsay Lohan and she on…
