
Eminem
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breath till I see what I wanna see
And what I wanna see is you go to sleep in the dirt
Permanently you just being hurt
This ain't gonna work for me, it just wouldn't be
sufficient enough 'cause we are just gonna be enemies
As long as we breathe I don't ever see either of us
coming to terms where we can agree
There ain't gonna be no reason in speaking with me
You speak on my si then me no speaka ingles
So we gonna beef and keep on beefin' unless
you're gonna agree to meet with me in the flesh
and settle this face to face and you're gonna see
a demon unleashed in me that you've never seen
and you're gonna see this gangsta pee on himself
I see you D-12 and thanks but me need no help
me do this one all by my lonely
I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you I'm seein' you, me and you only
We never met but best believe you gon' know me
When I'm this close to see you exposed as phony
Come on bitch show me
pick me up, throw me
lift me up, hold me
just like ya told me
You was gonna do
that's what I thought you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all you
Ja you'll get it too


CHORUS
Now go to sleep bitch!
Die motherfucker die!
Uh, time's up bitch close your eyes!
And go to sleep bitch! (What!)
Why are you still alive?!
How many times I gotta say close your eyes?!
And go to sleep bitch! (What!)
Die motherfucker die!
Bye bye, motherfucker, bye bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (What!)
Why are you still alive, why?!
Die motherfucker, HA HA HA!!
Go to sleep bitch!

[Obie Trice]
We got you niggas... nervous on purpose
to hurt your focus, you's not emcees you's worthless
You's not them G's, you's a circus
You's no appeal, please use curtains
You use words cool hurried slurred in two thousand third
You's purpin' you's no threat, whose ya servin'
When lyrically ought to bury you beneath the dirt
When you fuck wit' a label over seein' the earth
Shady motherfucker O. Trice's birth
and as I mold I become more cursed
So we can put down the verse take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze and he who reach the hearse
is he who dipects fiction in his verse
And as I breath and you be deceased
The world believe you deceive just to speak
You's not the streets, you's the desk
You's not your chest nigga, use a vest
Before two shoes you rest
You chose death
Six feet deep nigga that's the depth

Chorus

[DMX]
Big Dog, I'ma walk like a fish (yeah)
Talk like the streets (yeah)
I'ma stay place in New York with the heat (yeah)
Stalk on the beat (yeah)
Walk wit' my feet (uh)
Understand my pain the rain ain't sleet (What!)
Peep how I'm movin' (uh huh)
Peep where I'm goin' (uh huh)
Shit don't steep and sleep not knowin' (whoo)
But I'ma keep growin' gettin' larger than life
Easy goin' but the same one that started the fight
He be knowin' how dawg get when dawg 'gon bite (uh)
Got to show him the dawg shit the dawg fo' life (uh)
Grand champ in my bloodline is tight (What!)
'Cause it's all good (yeah) and it's all right (come on)
Niggas try to holla but couldn't holla BACK
Now they gotta swallow everything in the SAC
Blood line and we can go track for track
Damn dawg why you had to do them niggas like that

Chorus

[Eminem]
All of you motherfuckers, take that (uh)
Here take this too bitch, (Uh! Uh! Uh! Uh! Ahhhhha)
We're killin' all you motherfuckers dead, all of you
Fake ass gangstas
No more press, no more press
Rot motherfuckers rot! (Uh huh)
Decay, in the dirt bitch, in the motherfuckin' dirt
Die nameless bitch!
Die nameless, no more fame (ahhhhhhhhhhh)
Ha ha ha
Yo X, come on man (whoooo)
Obie, let's go
Haha
