
I love niggas! I love niggas!
Cause niggas are me!
And I should only love that 'presents me
I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!)
I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again)
And to all niggas that do it I love


I got 50 Cent
I got G-Unit
D-Twizzy's in this bitch
With Obie Triiiiice
So watch what you say
Before you call our name
If you say one more thing
It won't be nice

Here we go
I shoulda known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later
You little haters are too jellous of us to love us
You ain't it
G-Unit made it
And Obie's comin
D-Twizzy's comin
You sick to your stomach
50% is 50-Cent
The other 50% is who's color skin it is
Well if you're even considering takin our label down
You better find our building and fly a f**king plane into it
But I ain't tryin to get too intriqette into it
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cuz then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into

some other shit
Then Im a flip
Then Im a get to stompin in my Air Force One's
Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one
It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you
You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me
Thinkin they gon' put me in the position to pickle me
Ya'll tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me
Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the
diggity dock diggity
Mixed with a little bit of the jiga jig jiga
With a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity

We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cuz we gon' f**k around and kill your label
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
We gon' f**k around and steal your people
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, we gonna kill your f**kin label
4-sho

Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick
And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots
On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga wanna act out
I just black out, and blow they motherf**kin back out
That's a real nigga for ya

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!
Shady in the place to be seen
And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT!
Still watch what you say to me punk cuz I'm off probation in
less then 6 MONTHS!

When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause f**k what she say
She don't give a f**k about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the ruler

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

When I was young my M.O. was to go hail the Henny
And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man
I cut ya new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can"
Don't let your people feel your awkward
I tame I'm not lame
Get gassed up to get blast up
Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down
Check it, thou shalt not f**k wit North Seed Papa
50 Cent, I'll break yo punk ass off propa'
This new place like home, New York - New York
I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy
Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly
Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really
Pushy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly
Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire!
Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit
Even bootlegged you know, bump my shit, bitch!

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!
Shady Records
Still Aftermath
And don?t think we don?t hear you motherf**kers talking
Cuz we do
We see yall
But we just gonna sit back for a minute and watch what the f**k
yall do
