
Yeah
It's my life
In my own words I guess


Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd given arm for her?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for her?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you, despite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
Daddy look what I made
Dad's gotta go catch a plane
Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy, where is she?
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight shady's rock-a-by-baby

And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smilin
And I didn’t feel a thing so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!
And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smilin'
And I didn’t feel a thing so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

I keep havin’ this dream
I’m pushin’ Hailie on the swing she keeps screamin’
She don’t want me to sing
You’re makin mommy cry, why, why is mommy crying?
Baby, Daddy ain’t leavin’ no more
Daddy you're lying
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain’t leavin’ no more, Daddy you’re mine!
She’s piling boxes in front of the door tryin’ to block it
Daddy please daddy, don’t leave daddy no, stop it!
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it’s got a picture
This’ll keep you safe daddy, take it witcha
I look up, it’s just me standin' in the mirror, these fuckin walls must be talkin cuz man I can hear em
They're sayin': You got one more chance to do right, and it’s tonight
Now go out there and show ‘em that you love ‘em 'fore its too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door it turns to a stage, they’re gone
And the spotlight is on and I’m singin'

And when I’m gone, just carry on don’t mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smilin
And I didn’t feel a thing so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!
And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smilin
And I didn’t feel a thing so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

Sixty thousand people, all jumpin’ out their seat
The curtain closes, they’re throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow, and thank you all for comin’ out
They’re screamin so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don’t believe what I’m seein’
Daddy it’s me! Help mommy her wrists are bleedin’!
But baby we’re in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?!
I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad
And I bought you this coin
It says: Number 1 dad; that’s all I wanted
I just want to give you this coin
I get the point, fine, me and mommy are goin
But baby wait—
Its too late dad, you made your choice
Now go out there and show ‘em that you love ‘em more than us
That’s what they want
They want you Marshal, they keep
Screamin your name, it’s no wonder you can’t go to sleep
Just take another, pill, yeah I bet you, you will
You rap about it. Yeah word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn’t see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream: Die Shady! and pop it!
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That’s when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin'
There’s birds singin’, it’s spring and
Hailie’s outside swingin’
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say

When I’m gone, just carry on don’t mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smilin'
And I didn’t feel a thing so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smilin'
And I didn’t feel a thing so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!
