
People!!
It feels so good to be back.
Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing the new and improved, you knowwho


Verse 1
Never been the type to bend or budge, the wrong button to push,no friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese.
I'm a pitbull off his leash, all this peace talk can cease
All these people I had to leave in limbo, I'm back now, I've cometo release this info I'll be brief and let me just keep shitsimple, can-a-bitch don't want no beef with Slim?
Noooo!
Not even on my radar, so won't you please jump off my dick, layoff and stay off and follow me as I put these crayons to chaosfrom sŽance to sŽance, aw-a-aw-sh-a-aw

Chorus X2
C'mon now, let's all get on down, let's do-si-do now, we gon'have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, cus there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout, let yourhair down, and square dance with me!

Verse 2
Let your hair down to the track, yeah kick on back.
Boo!
The boogie monster of rap, yeah the man's back with a plan toambush this Bush administration, mush the Senate's face in, pushthis generation of kids to stand and fight for the right to saysomething you might not like, this white hot light that I'munder, no wonder I look so sunburnt, oh no I won't leave no stoneunturned
Oh no I won't leave, won't go nowhere, do-si-do, oh, yo, ho,hello there oh yeah don't think I won't go there, go to Beirutand do a show there yah you laugh till your muthafuckin' ass getsdrafted, while you're at band camp thinkin' the crap can't happentill you fuck around, get an anthrax napkin, inside a packagewrapped in saran wrap wrapping open the plastic and then youstand back gasping, fuckin' assassins hijackin' Amtracks crashin'all this terror America demands action, next thing you knowyou've got Uncle Sam's ass askin' to join the army or what you'lldo for their Navy.
You just a baby, gettin' recruited at eighteen
You're on a plane now, eatin' their food and their baked beans.
I'm twenty-eight, they're gonna take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein, you say Shady
My views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait, arraigned two dayslate, the date's today, hang me!

Chorus X2

Verse 3
Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me, nothin'soothes me more than a groove that boosts me nothin' boosts memore, or suits me beautifully, there's nothin' you can do to me,stab me shoot me psychotic, hypnotic product I got it theantibiotic, ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada, god Italk a lotta hem de lay la la la, oochie walla um da dah da dahda but you gotta gotta keep movin', there's more music to make,keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break the monotony, what'sgotten into me?
Drugs, rock, and Hennessey, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies onyour knees, got you under siege, somebody you would give a lungto be hun-ga-ry, like a fuckin' younger me, fuck the fee, I canget you jumped for free yah buddy, laugh it's funny, I have themoney to have you killed by somebody who has nothing I'm pastbluffing, pass the K-Y, let's get ready for some intense, seriousass fucking!

Chorus X2

Outro
Dr. Dre, wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas, wants to square dance with me
X to the Z, wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes, wants to square dance with me
Cana-bitch, won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me
Dirty Dozen, wants to square dance with you
Yee-Haw!!!
