
* Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness,
Chas Smash being a member 
of the group


[Chas Smash] 
Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this!!

* Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness,
Chas Smash being a member 
of the group

[Chas Smash] 
Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this!!

[Eminem]
Whose arm is this?
I must have cut it off at the pharmacist
Who refused to ret roll my servitude scripts in the derby sets 
(sorry)(correction: who refused to renew my seventh prescription
of Darvisetts)
I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
That never leaves his house, cos he thinks his car's possessed.
I hate my life
That's why I degrade my wife
Grab the paper plate to make a sandwich in the state of night
(correction: grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just
ate the knife)
My mother screaming "Please hear me, that it straight to
Christ!"
(correction:my mother's screaming :"Please heal him take
him straight to Christ)
Meets are in the streets and slap me just to break the ice (What
up my man?)
(correction: meet u in ht estreet an slap you just to break the
ice: what up ? 
im eminem_)
Made a bomb threat with a fake device
Strip you naked twice.
Pistol with you with fortune to take advice.
(correction: pistol whip u and force you to take advice)
And if you catch me bobbing my head to some bullshit you were
spitting
I was probably just trying to shake the lice (UUURRRGGGHHH)
Bumps falling out of my head
(correction: bums falling outta my head)
I'm wishing I was dead
While I'm falling out of my bed
Pissing violet red.
And my raps are returning
I feel the sensation of burning.
The purple use of the germ with the painful release of my yermin
(correction: 
painful release of my urine)

I'm screaming in my saddle "PLEASE QUIT FOLLOWING
ME!!!!!"
(correction: i;m screaming at my shadow: "please quit
following me!")
These pills keeps screaming, "Please quit swallowing
meeee!"
The devil keeps screaming, "Please keep telling on
me!"
(correction: the devil keeps whispering:"please get down on
one knee")
I took the drugs before the cops or they found them on me
(correction: i took the drugs before the cops ever found them on
me)

(Prolonged moaning scream)

[Chas Smash]
