
Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, one moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip? Yo!


His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin what he wrote down
The whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin, how? Everybody's jokin' now
The clock's run out, time's up! Over! Bloah!

Snap back to reality
Oh, there goes gravity!
Oh, there goes Rabbit!
He choked, he's so mad
But he won't give up that easy, no!
He won't have it
He knows his whole back to these ropes
It don't matter
He's dope, he knows that
But he's broke
He's so stacked that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home
That's when it's back to the lab again, yo!
This whole rap city
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him!

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo!

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo!

The soul's escaping through this hole that it's gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king!
As we move toward a new world order
A normal life is borin' but superstardom's
Close to post mortar
It only grows harder
Only grows hotter
He blows us all over
These hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows
He's know as the globetrotter
Lonely roads
God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose cuz here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no mo, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So, the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old potna, but the beat goes on
Da, da, dum, da, dum, da, da!

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo!

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo!

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this mothafuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepwritin' the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified
By the fact that I can't get by with my nine to five
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cuz man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer
This is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus see dishonor
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby, mama drama's screamin' on
And too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another jam or not
Has gotten me to the point
I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot 'fore I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only mothafuckin' option
Failure's not!
Mom, I love you, but this trail has got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So, here I go! Is my shot
Feet fail me not cuz maybe the only opportunity that I got!

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo!

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo!
