
You find me offensive 
I find you offensive for finding me offensive 
hence if I should draw out a line any fences 
if so to what extent, if any, should I go? 
cause it's getting expensive 
being on the other side of the court room on the defensive 
they say I cause extensive psycholgical nerve damage to the brain 
when I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses 
I say you're all just too god damn sensitive 
it's censorship and it's downright blasphemous 
let's end this shit now cause I won't stand for this 
and Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither 
and let's clear this up too I aint got no beef with him either 
he used to be like a hero to me 
I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers 
on my refrigerator right next to Darth Vader 
and Darth must have put a hex on him for later 
I feel like its my fault cause of the way that 
I stuck him off in between him and Lex Luther 
I killed Superman I killed Super...Man 
and how ironic that I'd be the bad guy kryptonite 
the green chronic 
(Chorus) 
Cause i aint got no legs or no brain 
nice to meet you 
hi my name is... 
i forgot my name 
my name was not to become what i became with this level of fame 
my soul is possessed by this devil 
my new name is... 
Rain Man 


Now in the bible it says 
thou shall now watch two lesbians in bed 
have homosexual sex 
unless of course you were given the consent to join in 
then of course it's intercourse and it bisexual sex 
which isn't as bad as long as you show some remorse for your actions 
either before, during, or after performing the act of that which 
is normally reffered to as such more commonly known phrases 
that are more used by today kids 
in a more derogatory way 
but who's to say what's fair to say and what not to say 
let ask Dr. Dre 
Dr. Dre (what up?) 
I got a question if i may (yea) 
is it gay to play putt putt golf with a friend (yea) 
and watch his butt butt when he tees off (yea) 
but but i aint done yet 
in football a quarterback yells out hut hut 
while he reaches in another grown man's ass 
grabs on his nuts, but just what if 
it was never meant, it was just an accident 
but he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in 
his teeny, tiny, little, round hiney 
and he didn't mean it but his little weenie flinched just a little bit 
and I don't need to go into any more details 
but what if he pictured it as a female's butt 
is that gay? I just need to clear things up 
til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because... 

(Chorus) 
Cause i aint got no legs or no brain 
nice to meet you 
hi my name is... 
i forgot my name 
my name was not to become what i became with this level of fame 
my soul is possessed by this devil 
my new name is... 
Rain Man 

You find me offensive 
I find you offensive... 
shit this is the same verse, I just did this 
when am I gonna come to my good senses? 
probably the day Bush comes to my defenses 
my spider senses telling me Spider-Man is nearby 
and my plan is to get him next and open up a whoop ass canister 
god damnit Dre where's the god damn beat (yea) anyway 
anyway I don't know how else to put it 
this is the only thing that I'm good at 
I am the bad guy kryptonite, the green chronic 
demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it, I got it 
high-fived Nick Lechey, stuck a pin in Jessica's ass and walked away 
and as she flew around the room like a balloon 
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can 
and flew my ass straight back to the Neverland Ranch 
with a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwhich 
and I don't even gotta make no god damn sense 
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit 

(Chorus) 
Cause i aint got no legs or no brain 
nice to meet you 
hi my name is... 
i forgot my name 
my name was not to become what i became with this level of fame 
my soul is possessed by this devil 
my new name is... 
Rain Man
