
(Yo, I can't sing it, I feel like singin', I wanna fuckin' sing! Cuz I'm happy, yeah, I'm happy!
I got my baby back, yo, check it out)


Some days I sit, starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think: There's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry

Somtimes I think: I'm crazy, I'm crazy, oh, so crazy!
Why am I here? Am I just wasting my time?”
But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes!

Somtimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me!

My baby girl, keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes cuz they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side

I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes

Somtimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me!

Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mum didn't abort

Now you probably get this
Picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing
Drug-addict who bags on his momma

But I wanna just take this time out
To be perfectly honest
Cuz there's a lot of shit I keep bottled
That hurts deep inside on my soul
And just know that I grow colder
The older I grow this boulder on my shoulder
Gets heavy and harder to hold

And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking
Should I just give up or try
To live up to these expectations?

Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, could had someone else

But the years that I've wasted
Are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin'
Three felonies, six years of probation

I've went to jail for this woman
I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to peoples backs
Bent over backwards for this woman

Man, I should seen it comin', why'd I stick my penis up in?
Would ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, hailie!

So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted

Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
Cuz my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me!

(I told you I can't sing. Oh well, I tried. Hailie, 'member when I said? If you ever need nothing, daddy will be right there? Well, guess what? Daddy's here! And I ain't goin' nowhere baby, I love you!)
