
Bitches always be all... gigglin and shit. (come on BITCH)
But they get mad when there favorite song dont come on in the club.
Catch an attitude and shit
We got one for them. goes like this


We wrote a song for the hoes. You like to hear? Here it goes
A little somethin you probably won't hear on the radio
So when it comes on in the club it's one that everyone knows
And if I'm talking to fast it just means you're listening to slow
And if you listen a little faster maybe you'll catch up, Bitch
Jew Ja Jaw Jaw Da Dun Jew Ja
You just made me mess up, Bitch
Bleeb Blab Blah Blah Blah Blah
It don't matter, I'm just blabbering
Like you understand what I'm saying Anyway
I'm just traveling In one ear and I'm out the other
You're so fuckin drunk all you hear is the Beat da beat
I could be sayin anything Get ya ass on the floor
Wear the same pants that you wore from the day before
Baby and shake that ass like a whore

Yeah i'm talkin to you BITCH (get up and dance bitch)
Wiggle that ass BITCH (yeah thats it. yeah i called you a bitch)
What you going to do about it BITCH?
Sit there and cry like a little BITCH? BITCH.
Get up and dance BITCH (wiggle that ass bitch)
You little trash BITCH (yeah thats it. yeah i called you a trash bitch)
Not trailer trash SWITCH
Take the person you with and exchange partners

Tell me that it aint no hangin, and fuck callin home
Untill you look at me before you answer the phone
When i flee, your ass can get as naked and be as free
As you wanna be freak
But i'm takin the key with me.
You aint gonna get shit, so dont even ask
Disrespect my wishes, i'll beat your ass
Watch me comin home floor eatin half of your doggy bag
And i leave laughin, while you callin me on the rag
I'm the type that might cut off the lights when i hit
And before she cut them on, Kuniva already SWITCHED
Your ass aint even ridin with Swift unless your goin
When i'm done, i throw you out and ask you where you goin

(Bizarre)
Hoe aint the only thing you call a girl
Slut, Tramp, (oh, how you doin sir?)
Ever since i was 8, i been startin to hate
I said fuck the Ho's, started eatin cheese cake
Scrambled eggs and steak, strawberrys and grapes
Damn that sounds great, hold on wait (Bizzy)
Ok, back to the bitches,
wash the dishes after that. Give me stitches.
A fuckin half indian chick, suck my dick
This time tommorow, i wont remember shit
Got respect for a player, got on snoop gators
And they aint now and laters bitch.

Hey baby whats up with you
Aiiyo your man here with you?
Nah, you single, i can tell(you came with them hoes didnt you)
No you need friends girl, excuse him mr lick it
(aiiyo lets get this party crackin these bitches aint got bitches)
Now you know he didnt mean that (come on you seen that)
(she all whinin and shit, get this bitch a kleenex)
(what did he say?)
Nothin, he said you seem stressed
(naw, you got a big butt)
And you wearin your nice dress(cuz i was gonna say)
(you wasn't gonna say shit)
(excuse me?)
He said Michael Jackson jus got another face lift
(dumb hoe)
(oh, nigga!)
No, gumbo, he wanna cook it for you tonight
(bitch, what up though jus fuck for a buck, do somethin strange for change, maybe holla for a dolla, jus hop in the range)
(fuck both yall niggas)
See i was tryin to be polite, stank ass trick (oh someone jackin off tonight)

(Proof)
Why you a bitch but dont choke I say the same to my momma
I got Christina, Brittany with me, shit. We bangin Madonna
Watch her strip you on that 10 bitch aint got change for a dollar
Blow your tounge and give kiss on your mouth you came with a condom
Quick out is the motto and jus swallow breathe, swallow breathe, now swallow these e's
I know you moca lotti mommys wont get down on your knees
You wont some money honey damn you must be outta your weave
Hit the telly fuck her belly you aint gotta go weak
Plus you wanna be a mattie you need a lot of more sleep
I'm a pimp bitch dont be shy, show me them big tits
Your lipstick, i want it smeared all on my limp dick
For instance, busting nuts is only my interest
So princess, don't get your feelings hurt cuz men jus
Partyin bullshit till she gargle and swallow my dick
I'm takin the train to spain, don't bother callin bitch

Yeah, you heard me bitch. Did i stu-stu-studder stupid?
You aint listein to the words of this song anyways
All you do is listen to the beats with your dumbass (BITCH)
Dancin, tryin to get a nigga money in the club
With your stupid manuper self. I was talkin bout you Do-do
You, you dumb bitch. YOU!. The one that want a drink but dont want to pay for it
Spend all the money you make all week on that dress
And i spill a drink on it, actin like i'm drunk when i'm not
I"M JUST TRYIN TO FUCK. IM JUST TRYIN TO FUCK BITCH!
(D-Twizzy, Yeah. Bitch, Bitch. Bitch)
