
CHORUS
Hi! My name is (what?), my name is (who?)
My name is (chicka, chicka) Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?), my name is (what?)
My name is (chicka, chicka) Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (what?), my name is (who?)
My name is (chicka, chicka) Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?), my name is (what?)
My name is (chicka, chicka) Slim Shady


(Ahem! Excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class, for one second?)

Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (yeah, yeah, yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids?(uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (yeah, yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I wanna impregnate.
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you're a basehead!" (Uh-uh!)
"So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self form the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes back to Kriss Kross (ahhh!!!)
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

CHORUS

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him wit a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (owww!!!)
Walked in a strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extra-terrestrials, runnin' over pedestrians,
In a space ship while they're screaming at me: "Let's just be friends!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (oh, thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (ahhh!!!)
This guy at White Castle asked me for my autograph
(dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!"

CHORUS

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (get him!)
Dr. Dre don't just stand there, operate!!!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (fuck that)
I'd rather be carried inside a cemetery and buried alive (huh yup)
Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived, I ain't had a woman in years
And my palms are too hairy to hide (whoops!)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (riiiip!)
I spit when I talk (haach-ptoo!), I fuck anything that walks (come here)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me Mum?! (waaah!)
You ain't got no tits!! (waaah!)
I lay awake and strap myself in bed,
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (bang!)
I'm steamin mad (grrr!)
And by the way, when you see my dad (yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

CHORUS
