
Oh!
Stat quo!
Here we go!
Come on!
You ready?
Let's do it, man (uh, uh, uh uh uhh)
Shady aftermath (sound without focus is just noise)
(Yeah!) we keep that thang man (by my side!)


When you do something to somebody, girl (by my side!)
It ain't just you, it's somebody next to you (by my side!)
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout
And I got my shit right here with me (by my side!)
(Hey, hey, hey)
The reason everywhere you go, ladies (by my side!)
(Okay)
[Stat quo] so being that that's the case (by my side!)
I'll tell you 'bout (by my side!)
That bitch, tell you 'bout my side (by my side!)

The way I growed up, shown up, chips on my shoulder
Knew about that caller when I was in a stroller
Became a holder, choppin' 'em boulders, gettin' older
Wantin' to roll, but duckin' 'em rollers, meetin' quarters
Shorty bi-polar, load up like cock, I tried to told ya
One move and I'm on the rush and I'm flexin' and it's over
You on that doja, g.I. Joe shit but you ain't a soldier
Chop her, afford her, you not cobra, commander, you poser
I'm the composer, writer of murder, the odor
Leakin' outta your body temperature is gettin' colder
But you sweatin', and dizzy like a person who ain't sober
I'm realizin' your life is coming quickly to a closure
Losin' composure, outta breath like you underwater
Twenty seconds in the game, and it's the fourth quarter
Prime time, dateline, all the best exposure
Now you still on the news and everybody knows ya
Yeah... (get!) (by my side!)

To all them niggas tryna get me, it's (by my side!)
I'm takin' some of y'all wit' me, it's (by my side!)
I'm making sure they won't forget me, it's (by my side!)
To all them niggas tryna get me, it's (by my side!)
I'm takin' some of y'all wit' me, it's (by my side!)
I'm making sure they don't forget me, it's (by my side!)
Che-chik, che-chik, che-yeah (by my side!)

Go on then boy, get yo' vest, protect yo' neck, kill for fun
Watch how they run and scatter when I go and pull out my gun
Call me ignorant and young, psycho sicko nigga
They know that, I just fuck and be gone, probably crazy, halfway dumb
Don't stop, even when I lock on, believe every word out my lung
I'm losin' it, snappin' her, this ain't just no rappin', uh!
Back, all the way back, when you see that strap, 'cause it go da-da-da-dah!
Are you ready to die, tell me why you choose to tell me in my
Face, 'fore you already dry up at that fire, look in my eye
Have your spirit below me or floatin' in the fuckin' sky
All black is my attire, lookin' like an umpire
Toss you in the trash, like a bullshit album fly
Yeah, yeah, ye-yeah-ye-yeah (by my side!)


The murder capital momeham yes, it's thriller
Put fo' in yo' head, have you floatin' off in a river
It's cold, you shook, we crooks, your body'll quiver
These rappers so tough, but really they softer than pillows
Or chinchilla a twanky fella, horn a verilla
They turn us serial assassins for some scrilla
Not me, 'cause he, I mean him, yes this nigga
Stays true to what I do, 'cause I keeps it triller
Be fo' real, have you ever ever pulled a trigger?
It's serious business shorty, nothin' that's more iller
No discrimination, you can be chocolate or vanilla
Can't find yourself in the presence of a fuckin' killer
Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, yeah (by my side!)

By my side!
By my side!
By my side!



It's the re-up!
