
[2 Chainz]
2 Chainz!
Yeah, yeah


Take 'em to church, I'm talkin' the tabernacle
It's the return of the body snatcher
Walk in the spot, make my woman smack ya (Whoo!)
In a fruit fight, I aim at your Adam's Apple
Pull up in the candy car eatin' a candy bar
And my girl eatin' a candy apple
Yuh, I line their ass up, I aim at their Cruiser
All of these stones on my neck, uh
They must have looked at Medusa
Pockets Rasputia of course
I drove some rims to court
I fucked some twins before
I had a Benz before, this is the sin report
This is the murder murder, pass the burner, Em
Your money shorter than an acronym
Big body when I'm backin' in
Ladi-dadi, got a bunch of bodies
Niggas fakin', nigga, human traffickin' (woo)
I'm on the Act again, this ain't a accident
King like Ak-ron
I run the trap again, you on the treadmill (treadmill)
Never, Neverland shit came with a Ferris wheel (goddamn)
Ferris day off, baby, AR in the same car
Most of y'all my sons, aww, look at little JR
F-12 same color Kate Moss
Ugh, I'm talkin' wrist in the pot
I'm talkin' this and you not
I'm talkin' bricks and you not
I'm talkin' straight up and down, nigga, like 6 o'clock
This is the equinox, this what the people want
Somebody at the door, I heard the speaker knock, uh

[PHresher]
I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

Do me a favor, don't do me no favors
These bitches got flavors
They all wanna smoke but ain't doin' no labor
But they shoppin' at Raleys, they stingin' like tasers
Act Hollywood like they play for the Lakers
They fly on the latest
Crocs, alligators, say hi to my haters
Pardon my neighbor, we eatin'
That chicken, lobster, potatoes
You must be sniffin' that yayo
If you don't think I'm that nigga
Swagger on 10 since a day old
It's a-okay though, whippin' up whip like it's mayo
Every track is a K.O., fuck nigga, K.O
Go off your head like I'm Ayo
Out of this world, talkin' NATO
It's 'cause of jail, don't be an A-hole
'Cause I got shooters that shoot when I say so (lay low!)
Wanna be in my shoes, you ain't paid no dues
Real nigga, you ain't break no rules
High school, niggas ate yo food
Might dumb it down a little, but I ain't no fool
Niggas hate every day, B (yeah)
Shit is O.C. lately (yeah)
Gotta break 'em off with these Dre beats (yeah)
Or I might go crazy (yeah)
These niggas too goddamn lazy
Don't ever, ever, ever try to play me
Lil' shawty now comin' from BK
But I'm tryna come up like JAY-Z
Nothin' but love from my heart, I feel entitled to titles
Fuck it, man, I want the title, my mission is goin' viral

I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

[Eminem]
Bin Laden with a pen, body it again
I begin slaughterin' your men, prolly shoulda been
Ali or the Svengali embodiment of sin
Like a Saudi in the Taliban plotting an event
In the lobby of the Intercontinental with an obvious intent
And I will not even relent up on a little
Like Osama with a bomb under the bin
And down the middle of the Pentagon
And hit a kindergartener with a rental, stop!
Back and forth, back and forth
Like Jack Kevorkian's ass to court
Rap mature! Why can't you be like Macklemore? (Huh?)
Why you always gotta smack a whore?
It's likely the psychiatric ward's a last resort
Something's gotta give, that's for sure
Yet you keep comin' back for more
Not as raw as I was, Walk on Water sucks
Bitch, suck my dick!
Y'all saw the tracklist and had a fit 'fore you heard it
So you formed your verdict
While you sat with your arms crossed
Did your little reaction videos and talked over songs (chill!)
Nah, dog, y'all sayin' I lost it, your fuckin' marbles are gone
But nowadays, every flow, every cadence sounds the same
Brain's a powder keg, I draw inspiration outta hate
Real pain in the paper, I don't trace
But if I look strange and out of place
It's 'cause I'm an alien, that's why I write 'til the page is outta space
Yeah, from 7 Mile in Novara
To how can I be down?, all of us tryna pile in the car (yeah!)
We shot for the stars, yeah
'Cause we only got so much time in this world (yeah!)
So rewind it to your high school dance to the night before
If you think you're promised tomorrow (yeah!)
Now I'm 'bout to fool again
This tune is sick, it's luminous, the moon is lit
A freakin' lunatic, a human computer chip
And I'm soon to stick a broom in the uterus of your Hooters chick
If I was you I wouldn't do nothin' stupid due to the mood I'm in
I'm losin' it, you get chewed like a Junior Mint
Show me who to rip, it's time for you to get screwed
Empty the lubricant and put super glue in it
How many fuckin' rappers did I go through?
Dispel doubt but you won't admit I smoked you
And was spellbound, hellbound in my snowsuit
But am I s'posed to sound like everything else out?
'Cause I don't get compared to it, only myself now
And I can see the fair-weather fans and sales down
But the only way I care is if I let myself down
But what the fuck have I awoke to?
Time to eat the vocals and shit out Pro Tools
I know you still want me to ill out, don't you?
Hopin' the old Slim's gonna spill out, open
Fire on your whole camp with this spit I wrote you
So chill out, no, you
Hoes couldn't roast me with the shit I wrote you
Then I took a stand, went at Tan-Face
And practically cut my mothafuckin' fan base in half and still outsold you
You just called my shit trash
Thank God, I rap better when the odds are stacked
Revival's wack, I don't like the Zombie track
Or when he's talkin' that garbage psychotic crap
Where's your content at? What's with all the conscious rap?
P!nk, Beyoncé this and Kehlani that (yeah!)
I just added to the fuel in my rocket pack
'Til I'm ready to respond, then I'ma launch it at 'em
Idiotic from the fuckin' embryonic sac
To the bodybag, I'll be back
And when I am, I'll be at your fuckin' throat like

[PHresher]
Like Chloraseptic
