
People got issues man
You gotta do something about that
You talking about me like you fucking know me man, like
It's funny man I go to sleep and I laugh at it
Don't even bother me no more
Yeah like, listen


It's times like these when I feel regret
When I gotta work for this
Worthless cheque that don't pay for shit
I never finished school
What do you expect? Me to be cool?
Yes? No? I don't think so
Well back in school they tell me

What if I start drowning
Are you gonna to be there
To bail me? I don't think so
So please save the talk for someone else
I feel like I should have been someone else
But damn I'm not, I'm stuck in this hell spot
I fail to prevail so let my ass rot
I wish I was an abortion but I'm afraid not

A portion of my life is I'm happy I'm here
The rest is a blank spot
I think everything is going to be okay. Yeah, I think not!
I hate my life I bet you hate yours too
But what's the reason for being
This motherfucking miserable?
People tell you to be positive how do you take that
When shit around you is negative
And can't catch a break jack

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man, I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold

Then in school, don't you listen to them
They just pissed at you man they're
Just mad you're doing shit better than them
I swear you dope, fuck what they think
They can all suck a dick, suckers
Die they all fucking stink
They're shit, shit don't take it personal
This is the world we live in, shit stays in urinals
Complex self esteem issues, so they
Diss you to up themselves
And make themselves feel special

Understand you're up there up where?
Up here nobody can touch you
Motherfucker you're nuts yeah,
You are not a quitter
You are sicker
Than most of these little skanks
So stop feeling bitter
About yourself
You know these suckers – you're much bigger
You function on a different level
You're something like a ton bigger
Your tongue is fungus your skill is humongous
You know it so fuck it don't listen to these dumb kids

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man, I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold

The world is a cold ass place man you can't quit
If you quit you might as well call yourself dead
You know what I'm saying?
So keep moving don't take shit personal
Don't let it get to you
Don't let them get the best of you, man

I look toward my goal, so I move forward I know
If I stop now I'm proven that
I'm no good and these haters win
I won't let that happen again
I'm a fighter a lighter bitch
I'mma fight till I retire,
I took a breath to rewired my wires
I'm robocop back from the dead
The show don't stop till I roll over rot
I know that I'm hot

I don't need people to tell me that
Not even school to hold me back
And tell me that I'm a failure
I'll nail your coffin, soft in your hard image
I'm starving and it is kinda crazy how I keep eating
Without taking a break and drinking a shake in between
Breast that I barely take or some water to wash down

This awful taste I wonder if anyone out there can relate
Man I'm losing any grasp I have on my fate
Cause I'm so rough soon no record deal on my plate
Half of those fuckers can't even see me
The other half wanna be me
The ones that don't know me
Don't know that I'm killing beats easy
Man I'm mad I can't understand it
Tell the planet to kiss my ass and
Grab a sweater and cram it, damn it

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man, I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold
