
Yeah
Shout to everybody
Who's been on this trip with me
You don't have to agree
But if you feel like me


Someone get this aryan a sheet
Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached
Everybody on your feet
This is where is where terrorism and heirism meets, [where?] up in the streets
This chump barely even sleeps
All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats
While he looks like a canary with a beak
Why you think banned transgenders from the military with a tweet?
He's trying to divide us, this shit's like a cult
But like Johnny, he'll only unite us
'Cuz nothing drives us inside like this fight does
Similar to when two cars collide 'cuz our spirits are crushed
This spot's a tight one
But here the jaws of life come to pull us from the wreckage
That's what we get pride from
When we can't wear stars and stripes cuz this type of pickle we're in is hard to deal
But there's always tomorrow still
If we start from the scratch like a scab for scars to heal
And band together for Charolettesville
And for heaven's fallen heroes
Fill his wall with murals
[?]
Hit the damn reset, start from zero
This is our renewal, spray tan get ride of
Get a brand new, better, America
And here's to where we're from

This is where it all began, all began (stand up)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up)
Here's to the land that raised me
[There's one that knows me, doesn't really know me?]
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya?
Can't denounce the klan, 'cuz they'd break off with ya
You stay on Twitter, made to get your hate off, Nazi
I don't see a way y'all differ, at all
You got a race card with a swastika with your name carved in it
Then it should be your trademark, all you did is play off
You played off, so I guess it pays to feed off of chaos
So basically, you Adolf Hitler
But you ain't ruining our country, punk
You won't take our pride from us
You won't divide us
'Cuz like a dictionary, things are looking up
So much, got a sprained neck
Knew we would rise up
Against this train wreck and take a stand
Even if it mean sitting when they raise the flag
This ain't the Star Spangled Banner
This man praised a statue of General Lee, because
He generally hates the black people, degrades hispanics
Take it back to the shady national convention
Wish I would have spit on him before I went to shake his hand at the event
Or maybe to wear [?]
Thought he was gonna tear apart a sacred land [?]
We cherish [?]
Hands in the air for [?]
This is the start of a brand new America
Without him, we can be proud of where we're from
And here's to where we're from

This is where it all began, all began (stand up)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up)
Here's to the land that raised me
[There's one that knows me, doesn't really know me?]
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know that I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know there's no place like home
Wherever I go, no place like home
No place like home
Wherever I go

This is where it all began, all began (stand up)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up)
Here's to the land that raised me
[There's one that knows me, doesn't really know me?]
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home
