
People got issues man
You gotta do something about that
You talking about me like you fucking know me man
Its funny man I go to sleep and I laugh at it
Don't even bother me no more
Yeah like, listen


Its times like these when I feel regret
When I gotta work for this worthless cheque
That don't pay for shit
I never finished school what do you expect me to be? Cool?
Yes, no? I don't think so
Well back in school they tell me
What if I start drying are you gong to be there to bail me?
I don't think so
So please save the talk for someone else
I feel like I should have been someone else
But damn I'm not, I'm stuck in this hell spot
I fail to prevail so let my ass rot
I wish I was an abortion but I'm afraid not
A portion of my life is I'm happy I'm here
The other rest is a blank spot
I think everything is going to be okay, I think not!
I hate my life I bet you hate yours too
But whats the reason for being this mother fucking miserable?
People tell you to be positive how do you take that
When shit around you is negative and cant catch a break jack

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold
Now I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold

And in school don't you listen to them
They just pissed at you man they're just mad
You're doing shit better than them
I swear you dope, fuck what they think
They can all suck a dick, suckers die yall fucking stink
Shit, shit don't take it personal, this is the world be live in,
Shit stays in urinals
Complex self esteem issues, so they diss you
To up themselves and make themselves feel special
Understand you're up there up where?
Up here nobody can touch you
Mother fucker you're nuts yeah,
You are not a quitter you sicker then
Most of these little skanks
So stop feeling biter about yourself
You know these suckers dig once bigger
You function on a different level
You something like a tonne bigger
Your tongue is fungus your skill is humongous
You know it so fuck it don't listen to these dumb kids

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold
Now I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold

The world is a cold ass place man you cant quit
If you quit you might as well call your self dead
You know what I'm saying,
So keep moving don't take shit personal
Don't let it get to you
Don't let them get the best of you, man

I look forward to my goals, so I move forward I know
If I stop now that I'm no good and these haters win
I wont let that happen again, I'm a fighter a lighter bitch
Imma fight till I retire, I took a pretzel rewired my wires
I'm Robocop back from the dead
The show don't stop till I roll over rot
I know that I'm hot, I don't need people to tell me that
Its not even cool to held me back and tell me that I'm a failure
I'll nail your coffin, soft in your hard image
I'm starving and it is kinda crazy how I keep eating
Without taking a break drinking a shake in between
Breast that I barely take or some water to wash down
And solve the taste I wonder if anyone out there can relate
Man I'm losing any grasp I have on my fate
Cause I'm rough soon no record deal on my plate
Half of those fuckers cant even see me
The other half wanna be me
The ones that don't know me
Don't know that I'm killing beats easy
Man I'm mad I cant understand that
Tell the planet to kiss my ass and
Grab a sweater and cram it damn

Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold
Now I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold
