
Yeah, trice
The static selektah


O back around the corner
Got the crack, put in your orders
We 'bout to run up out the storages
It's notorious, the way i got big spitting stories
Being me, sex's clan, then glorious
We're not your favorite, fuck it
You know the system and you buck it
Have you revisiting how you used to love it
My niggas is few through the music, cool sticks, cool kid
Used to pursue excuses, truth is, i was truin' in school
So its influence is foolish, that was my views
I'm back at it, the rap addict, by any means
We gonna get these stacks accurate, no skinny jeans
Say he ain't a star, niggas might be right
I'm so regular, nigga gotta shit tonight
Take it back selektah, let 'em know it's trice
Put your seatbelts on, we gon' ride tonight

And i would like to introduce myself
Surprise! *beats* hi, it's ike
'bout to get my ike on, icon, with a life supply
Of wife beaters and my nikes on
And a white tee over that iron mike
Lookin' fly tonight, feel like i might die from a spider bite
Come back as spiderman, park my peter inside her dyke
Bitch actin' like she got fuckin' higher standards than mya's, right
Had to pry her fingers off with the motherfuckin' pliers
I scream with the pliers, like "aahhh!"
Only a ruthless bastard would do this
Take a toothles bitch with no taste buds to boot chris
Give her toothpicks, stop on the way home
Pick up two big ….
Girl, you got a nice pair, but you're plumb stupid!
So when i pull up in that benz
Don't try to pretend you ain't interested
To impress your stupid ass friends
And refuse to get in woman, and get slammed on the ground
And snap like a pool stick against cement
If you suck a d!ck, pretend it's a musical instrument
You get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
I can tell at first glance you're a ho
Cause your pants are so tight
When you dance with o. trice, your implants explode
So cold the dykes, as the chance of snow in san francisco
Well i'm from detroit city, you livin' in animosity
That's a fucked up state to be in, such an atrocity
Look where these random thoughts keep you in senseless mind babble
"what me? apologize? labrbrr" that's just the way the rhyme unravels
And i wouldn't f-cking take it back if i time traveled!

So call me richard, cause i'm a d!ck
It's also richard cause i feel like you should
Pry your f-cking mouth up off of it
I said just call me richard, cause i'm a d!ck
You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out i'm a d!ck
But i'll hold my privates to your first clue
Sherlock, prick! just call me richard

[verse 3: obie trice]
That's my motives, jumpin' off in rovers
All white, like i was right up in the dakotas
Or minnesota, did i mention soda?
When it's mixed with viola, watch my cup runneth over

So call me richard, cause i'm a d!ck
It's also richard cause i feel like you should
Pry your f-cking mouth up off of it
I said just call me richard, cause i'm a d!ck
You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out i'm a d!ck
But i'll hold my privates to your first clue
Sherlock, prick! just call me richard
