
What's up?
(Yo, this scene: rollers tried to jack a nigga 'cause a nigga with a pearl rollin' on a Coupé with goldens)
(Yo, man, what's up? This riding motherfucker, jack me at rollin' 'round bumping, ’cause music's too loud, you know what I'm sayin'?)
(Yo, this is P-O to the G-O
Motherfuckin' cop just jacked me, 'cause I was drinking beer in Mill Valley
What's up, man?)
A'ight, man, fuck 'em


[2Pac]
I don't give a fuck
They done pushed me to my limit, I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
And now I'm in the back on the paddy wagon
While this cop's bragging about the nigga he's jackin'
I see no justice, all I see is niggas dyin' fast
The sound of a gun blast, then watch the hearse pass
Just another day in the life, G
Gotta step lightly, 'cause cops tried to snipe me
The cabs, they don't wanna stop for a brother, man
But damn near have an accident to pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my check
I get more respect from the motherfuckin' dope man
The Grammys and American Music shows
They pimp us like hoes, take our dough, but they hate us, though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck tryin' to get with these crooked-ass hypocrites
The way they see it, we was meant to be kept down
Just can't understand why we gettin' respect, now
Mama told me there'd be days like this
But I'm pissed, 'cause it stays like this
And now they're trying to ship me off to Kuwait?
Give me a break! How much shit can a nigga take?
I ain't going nowhere, no how
Bush wanna throw down?
You better bring the gun, pal
'Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailing hay, I better spray with an AK
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger
From the motherfuckin' underground
So, step but you better step quick
'Cause the clock's going tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a psychopath
But you sit and laugh before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who do you think? A motherfuckin' 90's nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up, I had enough!
(Yeah) And I just don't give a fuck

[Pogo]
Nigga, it ain't just the blacks
It's also a gang of motherfuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and they attitude is shitty
So, tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
They say we niggas like to do niggas
So me and a cop are just two niggas
A street-walkin' nigga and a beat-walkin' nigga
With a badge, I end his future and his past
With a blast, take his cash before I dash, I bash his head in
Dump him at the dead end and that's just his luck
'Cause a nigga like P don't really give a fuck

[2Pac]
Walked in the store, what's everybody staring at?
They act like they never seen a motherfucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit—ain't this a bitch?
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business elsewhere, but where?
’Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need?
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if he knows that my income
Is more than his pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife-ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mack? In fact, who's the blackjack?
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
While he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And count another quick mill'
I'm getting paid for my trade, but I'm still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
As strong as a fuckin' nine
Mail stacked up, niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your blacks up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Used to come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers: stay strong, keep your heads up
They know we fed up
But they just don't give a fuck
(They just don't give a fuck)

[2Pac]
I gotta give my fuck offs
Fuck you to the San Francisco Police Department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff's Department
Fuck you to the FBI
Fuck you to the CIA
Fuck you to the B-U-S-H
Fuck you to the Ameri-K-K-Ka
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice motherfuckers
That wanna fuck with me, fuck y'all!
Punk-gay insensitive little dick bastards
2Pacalypse motherfuckerin' now
Y'all can all kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my Uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck y'all
Punks!
