
In the life we live as thugs
Everbody f**kin wit us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin wit my gun in hand


Why explain the game? Niggas ain't listenin
Stuck in positions. If victims can't stand the heat
Then stay the f**k out the kitchen
Have these bustas switchin, lookin at me mean
Itchin, givin suckas plenty space
Have these bitch niggas snitchin
Where are we now? Guns found daily
The feds surely hope that they could finally nail me for sellin
dope
They backwards, make tracks burst whenever I rap
Attack. Words bein known to explode on contact
Extreme at times. Blinded by my passion and fury
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin my jewelry
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me. Truely effective
The shit you heard ain't do me justice. Got a death wish, bitch
Run up, face me and trace wit an infared beam
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team
Ain't nobody holdin you back. Explode the track to confetti
Unload it. Cuz niggas ain't ready. The life of an outlaw

Code 3. Attack formation. Pull out your pistols
Keep an eye out for the devils cuz they itchin to get you
Mercy to this madman screamin kamikaze in tongue
Automatic gunfire makin all my enemies run
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin
Indeed the possibility has part a chase in cream
Dope got me hatin fiends. Scheam wit my team, just a chosen few
My foes victim of explosives. Come closer. Exhale the fumes
We got memories fadin fast. A slave for cash
Accelerate, mash, blast, then dash
Don't look now. How you like it, raw
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the outlaws. Never
surrender
Death is for a son to stay free. I'm thugged out
F**k the world cuz this is how they made me
Scarred but still breathin
Believe in me and you could see the victory
A warrior with jewels. Can you picture me?
Life of and outlaw

City under siege. It's like I can't even breathe
I'm from the state of car theives. G, deep from the street
Plenty beef. I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene
Mobb Deep. This nigga from behind tryin to creep
No halfs wit no straps, jack
It's on to bounce back
And an ounce so fat, they snatch my style ?
Get this grip wit hollows to get cha
Snip wit clippers. Get the picture?
I wrote my life down like a scripture

And I'm still on lost in the land of the lonely
Where ain't nobody holy. A matter of a fact, we unholy
Everybody livin soley for themselves. Too ?? on a land hell
Somebody need me. You know we lost hope and we needin it
Wit the evil it's forever. But it might be low down, scandalouz
Like a tramp is. All for the street fame on how to be managed
To plan shit. 6 months in advaced to what we plotted
Approved to go on swole and now I got it

Un uh, crack my window. Knowin they'd love to catch Kastro
sleepin
Attach a strap under my pillow and a hand like we freakin
Creepin deep into morning. Peepin out the weak
While they yawnin and let my cloud speak for it's self
No doubt. Outlaw. Outta my mind, outta time. You're all blind
Some kind of life of mine Kato don't mind
Findin it funny, matter of fact, cuz it is
Perhaps finally I look at that true over the years as an outlaw
Eh, Noble
What's up nigga
Would you die for me, nigga?
Hell yeah
Would you kill for me?
On my grandmother, nigga
Ah yo
What's up
Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now
Watch out

Well now they all say they roaches and parasites
Snakes and all they might
Thug Life break night
Drink till we fist fight
Life or death. But you can't win with a vest
But there won't be no breathing for the reason
Punk bitch on your breath
I see day is dark and I admit it's dark
So chase ?
Beware foolin marks
And yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left for PO's
belly
And let me bust back to them niggas till they all sweaty
