
Yo Mo Bee mayn! Drop that shit!
You know what time, boo-yaow, I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand you know what I'm sayin'
And uh, throw up that finger
Ayo throw y'all fingers up! Thug style baby, Thug style y'know?


Tell me baby are you lonely?
Don't wanna rush ya, I can help ya if ya only
Let me touch ya, if I'm wrong love tell me
'Cause I get caught up, and the life I live is Hell see
I never thought I'd see, the day when I would calm down
You ain't heard, I've been known to clown and Get Around
That's my word, see you walkin' and you lookin' good
Yes indeed, got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin' me
With your attitude to match right?
Don't be phony, 'cause I hate when you act like
You don't know me I've be stressin' in the spotlight
I want the fame, but the industry's a lot like
A crap game, ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be with you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
(Look here) I wanna be an honest man
But temptations go

Throw up the finger! And all my homies go
Throw them the finger! Ya know what baby it's like

I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you needed, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

Will I cheat or will I be committed, heaven knows
Gettin' weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in
Gettin' high, I can hear the people callin'
I'm passin' by, everybody knows I'm ballin'
And to God, gotta keep myself from fall-in
But it's hard, all the cuties know I'm under pressure
What do I do, gettin' shaky when she pull the dress up
And say it's cool, should I stroke or should I wait a while, you decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper
Some dirty words in your ears as I kiss ya
On every curve, slow down baby don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates to your waterfall up in heaven
And don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was

Give 'em the finger!
All my homies go, throw your fingers up
That's just the Thug in me girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like

I know you've been searchin' for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you needed, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

A lotta people think it's easy
To settle down, got a woman that'll please me
In every town, I don't wanna but I gotta do it
The temptation got me ready to release the fluid Sensation, sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
'Cause even Thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin' up the telephone, reminiscin'
I wanna take you to the movies, and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me, in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin' you right
You're lonely and depressed you need a Thug in your life
Enough talkin', you want me to leave, I'll get to walkin'
See you later, 'cause baby I'm a player, and all I heard was

Give 'em the finger, and all my homies go
Yo this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey y'know?
Throw your fingers up
You know? They gonna peep this, this how we run game on you

(Everybody, hey, alright
Hey, heyyyeah, heyyyayy, oh)

All my niggas go, uptown in the, give 'em the finger!
Throw your hands up, give em the finger!
