
Yo Law!
Is it cool if a nigga just get fucked up for this one?
Yeah
Mr. Fuck-a-cop is back
And I still dont't give a fuck
You know what I'm sayin?


I was framed
So don't make the same mistake, nigga
You gotta learn how to shake the snakes, nigga
Cause the police love to break a nigga
Send em upstate cause they straight-up hate the niggas
So what I do is get a crew of zoo niggas
Straight fools into rules and do niggas
And one time had enough of me
I'm still raw so the law can't fuck with me
They wanna send me to the pen, punk picture that
I stay strapped muthafuckas better get your gat
It ain't easy bein me I can't take it
Life as a celebrity ain't everything they make it
And ever since the movies
Ho's try to do me
If they can't screw me
They find a way to sue me
Now can you picture me coolin at a night club
Somethin for love, but muthafuckas want a? Beamer?
Since I wear a lot of gold
They plot
Don't no what I got if ya stop
With the hot ones
And all yeah, I wanna feel guilty
But you punk muthafuckas tried to milk me
You'll get stacked behind the hill
With my phone or my pager
Just beat me while I cut you with my razor
I'm not violent, I'm petrified and nervous
I got no mercy for these niggas try'n to serve us
But if you catch me outta pocket, then I'm got
You love to shoot a nigga but you scared to pop a cop
Now drop

Reflected and disrespected
Why so rejected?
Our just another rapper
Who swears he's makin records
That's what the'd said
Whenever I would walk by
I never tripped, though
Always kept my head up high
Eventually, I knew that I would find my way
After the darkest night always comes a brighter day
And some will say
That turned away is all you'll get
I just say "bet"
And never let em see me sweat
Cause in the end
I knew that I would have it all
While non-believers were prayin for my downfall
And some would call and tell me that they wish me well
But in my heart, I'm knowin that they wish me hell
Yo get a real job. Rappin doesn't pay the rent
I hate the studio cause that's where all my money went
Never surrender, it's all about the faith you got
Don't ever stop, just push it til you hit the top
And if you drop, at least you know you gave your all
Be true to you, and that way you can never fall
But beware, these backstabbers ain't no joke
Just like a rope, they hang on you until you're broke
And when you're broke, they move onto the next dope
And there you are, can't even pay your car, nope
And when you reminisce thinkin how you got dissed
Remember how it fealt and do remember this
Be true to you
For me that there's no one bigger
Cause they can all suck dick
Cause strictly 4 my niggaz

This is for the critics if you live up
Pick up my shit or I'll be back doin stickups
I better see five stars next to my picture
If not, Tupac will cop the Glock and come knockin and getcha
I told you once muthafucka hold the nut
Play me like a butt and you'll be bleedin when you're fucked
Niggas know what's up but they be try'n to hold me down
I'm comin outta Oaktown, bitch fuck around
And it ain't where you from that makes you hardcore
Nigga it's the way you throw the? Fangs? In the war
And to the marks that be talkin all that shit
Screamin out the next nigga's name like a bitch
And the niggas that I ran into recently
The muthafuckas at the club that pulled the piece on me
You little bitches should've pulled the fuckin trigga
Now you live in fear of a heartless ass nigga
Mr. Trump?
Niggas tried to play me with the gat
But like Terminator, nigga, I'll be back
And I'll be back with a fuckin army
You tried to harm me [Bring me along G]
Cause most muthafuckas try to act up without they're backup
When they get jacked up they crack up
It's strictly 4 my niggaz at the show
So they know not to play me like a ho
Strictly 4 my
