
[Tupac]
These are hard times we livin' in, churches burnin', planes fallin' from the sky
Murder, the good die young, (chuckle) the good definitely die young
This is just a little something to help you get through the day, if it could


[Tupac]
It was, more than a tragedy, emotions be grabbin' me
Plane fell from the sky, we tryin' to figure what happened
Burnin' churches, fearin' God, who could be so cruel?
We all ignorant to AIDS, 'till it happens to you
Just be a man, make plans, listen to your voice
A woman's tryin' to make decisions, we should leave 'em a choice
'Cause who are we to say who lives or dies, breathes or stops?
All these judgements on other lives, needs to stop
What are we livin' for? Givin' more back than takin'
On my knees still waitin' for my own salvation
Now I feel abandoned, 'cause pat buchanan say I'm greedy
You can take my taxes, send me to war, but can't feed me?
It's so easy to regret things, after they done
Babies catchin' murder cases, scared to laugh in the Sun
The tragedy is that we all need, love in doses
It's times like these, we feel closest, the good die young

[Yafeu fula]
Does anybody have an answer why
It seems the good die young?
Can anybody tell me why?
Can anybody tell me why?

[Tupac]
The good die young, it's times like these we feel closest
The good die young
Rest in peace, God bless the dead. Can we carry on?
The good die young, the good die young
Now we hear from the future, the next generation

[Napolean]
How in the world will it get worse? When I been trapped since birth
But I had to sleep in the hearse, 'cause it was my bed first
My grands probably burnin', turnin, in the graves
Some folks ain't even get to see a high age
But they did, so I ain't afraid
And this money got me feelin' like a star
And this murder got me feelin' like my death ain't far
In the land of stardom and cars
Don't get better, don't get weaker, or no, harder
I was raised in the rush without my moms, and my, father
So tell me somethin', if I grab my gat and get to dumpin
Will God get to lookin' at me, funny? Ha
Rest in peace to my mother, aquillah beale
Rest in peace to my father, salek beale
Rest in peace to my grandparents
And thug in peace to my brother seike
You know I love you

[Young noble]
Which is worse, fist storm and then al, pac and then yak
Reverend brown, could've swore I saw yo' face in the clouds
Family grievin' on yo' last breath
Close to the heart, whether you know it or not
I swear the love won't stop
Jewel, thats my boo, mom, duke, and lou
From jump, you kept it true, helped to feed the crew
The good die young, livin' fast jumpin' the gun
Momma blamin' the community fo' killin' her son
My cousin' darin wasn't scared of goin'
But never knowin' he would die slower
I guess I'll see you when I see you soulja

[Yafeu fula]
Does anybody have an answer why
It seems the good die young?
Can anybody tell me why?
Can anybody tell me why?

[Kastro]
I know my life ain't promised, that's why the wise move in silence
Analyze these scandolous times, it's hard dawg but we manage
Schools turn to war zones, even homes unsafe
Leavin' children to play caged, and raged to hate
How come? Someone explain, why the good die young
Why the bad die slow, and outlive everyone?
It's time somethin' is done, for our young kids
They growin' hopeless and that ain't the way to live
Tell me why

[E.D.I. amin]
Days goin' pass, and as they pass time moves with it
No time for wastin', put your hustle down my young dealers
'Cause the end is nearin', but at least thats what they, tellin' me
Hell all I know brutha's ain't ridin' fo' 3 felonies
It's time to plan, plot, stratagize, capatalize, mobelize
We in the war y'all, it's for all of y'all
My family, to the ones who stand me
Little bit mo' love is reccomended
And it's plain to see, the seeds from you and me
Goin' be the ones to lead us, towards unity
That's if we treat 'em right, man, teach 'em right
Raise yo' kids better than you was, and see what it does
But if you don't, man we'll surely be done
And we'll all see exactly why the good's dyin' young

[Yafeu fula]
Does anybody have an answer why
It seems the good die young?
Can anybody tell me why?
Can anybody tell me why?

[Tupac]
You ain't lyin' man, the good die young
The good die young, I send this out to all my homeboyz who passed away
And all yo' homeboyz who passed away
I send this out to all the folden, fallen, souljas that's in the cemeteries buried
Never got to see they dreams
For everything I touch, you touch, for every step I take, you take
For every breath I breathe, you breathe, every dollar I make you make (chuckle)
I told you we'd make it to the sunshine one day, you just got there a little quicker
But like my homeboyz, the (bone) thugs say, I'll catch you at the crossroads
The good die young. Oklahoma, little young xzanapher, latasha harlins
All the fallen kids, the dead babies, the closed caskets

[Napolean]
This song is dedicated to all them kids who died innocent and died young
At Columbine high, rest in peace, outlawz
