
[2Pac]

Dear baby, it's me again,
stuck inside this Maxed-Pin,
tryin' to pay me debt, for all my sins...
see, these penatentary times be so heavy on my mind,
at times it's like I'm livin' just to die...
I'm livin' in hell, stuck in my jail cell,
stranded in the county jail,
waitin' for my chance to post bail...
I wanna be paid in large macks ,
and mash and flash flags ,
I blast and wonder how long will I last...
my memories fade when I'm intoxicated, buster are shady,
so I'm dumpin' on cowards crazy when ever faded...
I know I said it all before, but now I mean it,
visions of me and you ballin', so crystal clear I seen it...
even tho' you mad at me,
you'll be glad to see the stragedy of makin' these chips come so easily...
I max out in the morning, baby life is good,
me and you against the whole hood...
soon as I come home...


[Chorus]
Grab my strap, locate my comrades,
lets get my enemies not knowin' i'm comin' back,
Go get the money out the safe,
it's time to turn the streets into a war zone,
soon as I get home...

[2Pac]

Sittin' here lookin' at pictures of me and you livin',
but now you out in the world, while I'm twistin in prison...
love letters come daily, words of affection, you send me money,
and new niggas beggin' for some sexin...
stay wide open, keep yo eyes pilled,
and my advice is keep it real or you can die squillin'...
plus I never had to worry 'bout a visit, cause you did daily,
guard tryin' to get ya number, you don't dare tell me...
tongue kissin', steady humpin',
tryin to touch up something,
before the C-O in the corner jump in, sprungin'...
late night reminicin', everybodys quiet,
I think somethings in the air, prepare for the riot...
it's padlocks in my socks, steel from the bed dreams, I touch 'em with thug love,
and then let they hate bring, the start of a war, but now I'm gone,
release me to the streets in the morning, it's on,
soon as I get home...

[Chorus]
Grab my gats, locate my comrades,
lets get my enemies not knowin' i'm comin' back,
lets get the money out the safe,
it's time to turn the streets into a war zone,
soon as I get home...

[Khadafi]

Think all my whole lifes been like a game of Cee-low,
thinkin' big like they keep to me no feelings, my dreams like Nino...
brown the whole town be shook up,
and me and momma survived the pick up,
how many rocks I made to cook up...
narcotics got traffic, seen those niggas you blasted,
wantin' me in a casket, on a ground, kind of plastic...
yeah nigga I heard you, Lil' Moo gave the word,
you get paroled on the 3rd, you sold love, we out here frontin'...
still here but all about nothing, but double o's is
what I'm wantin', and I'm tryin' to say something, that we ain't never had...
luxuery life, results livin' bad, tricks of the trade,
shit that should've been taught by dad...
but learn, do the crew, lessons between me and you,
and once we lock this shit down it ain't a thing they can do...
meanwhile I stay waitin' by the phone,
hopin' I'll get a call tellin' a nigga that you home...

[Chorus] x2
Grab my gats, locate my comrades,
lets get my enemies not knowin' i'm comin' back,
lets get the money out the safe,
it's time to turn the streets into a war zone,
soon as I get home...

[Chorus]
Grab my gats, locate my comrades,
lets get my enemies not knowin' i'm comin' back,
go get the money out the safe,
it's time to turn the streets into a war zone,
soon as I come/get home...
