
(2pac)

Got me up against the fence, back against the wall
Get to actin like a fool, cause ain't no justice for the dogg
Got to take it out on all y'all, better read the papers
all my homies goin crazy baby only God could save us.
Got my mind on currency hurry I ain't worried
It's a gangta party, so Bad Boy gettin buried
Snoop Dogg, wht they fantasize? (Snoop) (fantasize)
When we ride, it's a must adversaries die.



(Snoop Doggy Dogg)


Yes, yes y'all not Short but Snoop Dogg
And you know it's like that y'all
I'm so smooth about my paper, check it just how it's done
I'm servin any on a platter Snoop Dogg Coleone
Coleone, now do you know what that mean?
A Teflon Don to this hip-hop game, super supreme
It's like what happen can happen but will it stop 
that won't happen I'm feelin good about the mission for jackin
Yo patnah, can you feel me?
Why these fools, tryin ta kill me?
It's so hard to stay focused on my eyes and prize
but if I don't, the Dogg won't survive. 


(2pac)


We ballin in my opinion eternal was wild wheel spinnin
One simple a minute is represented for five minutes
Two of the livest wanted dead or alive 
We riders inventers because we ain't quiet and watch the G's ride
Two of Amerikkaz most, straight out the West Coast
Bow down fool this is Death Row. (Snoop) (For Life)
Been waiten way too long, fresh out the pen, now it's on
C'mon Snoop Dogg, time to bone.


(Snoop Doggy Dogg)


Ain't nuttin changed too down to hang I slang a bang with a rhyme
Me and my homey Pac trippin Death Row on knobs
Strong survivor by Eastside of DPG'z
Still creepin bumpin through the hood, always involved in the streets
(2pac) (Westside!) It's Doggy Dogg homey, did you forget who I was...
Now take a look through the eyes of a G
and just ride to the rhythm of a gangsta beat.


(2pac)


All my homies tellin me, ain't no love for a real G
You straight cowards all you playa haters kill me
Throw up your hands if you feel me
We gettin dollars, homey Hollar If You Hear Me
One time for my comrades doin bad lockdown
Fresh out bust the top and bounce drop down
Can you visualize perfection?
Cause every rider in my set labelled a vet best in their profession
Don't hold your breath, stick to Smith and Wessun 
Steady study your lessons to keep the crowd guessin


(Snoop Doggy Dogg)


Straight gangsta, y'know?
Money to be made, situations get deep
Niggaz always tryin ta creep
But I know what time it is


Gangstas, yeah yeah
Yeah, gangstas
Play or stay
Yeah, play or stay
Y'know? Stay a gangsta
All my doggs, all my niggaz on lockdown, Big Dogg
This for you nigga
We gonna ride this muthafucker til the wheels fall of
Yeah, yeah
Play or stay
Yeah, play or stay
Yeah, yeah, play or stay
Yeah, yeah, Death Row!
Yeah, yeah, my nigga 2Pac rest in peace
Dogg Pound
Dippin real hard y'know what i'm sayin?


Yeah yeah, stay down
Gangstas gangstas
foe life, Eastside!
Westside of the coast
Yeah, Eastside!
Mmmm, for all my soliders 
Yeah
Where ya at?
Yeah


Y'know? Yeah
Stay down
For real
Y'know? What it look like?
Mmm, what it feel like?
It ain't easy, y'know? Death Row


2pac..... Makaveli
