
(2pac)

Nigga we doin this shit from Cleveland to L.A., nigga.
Whatever you niggas want.
We bringin' it.
Thug Luv, nigga. Bitch!
What time is it? 
I don't give a fuck where you niggas lay at, nigga, it's time toslay 
these bitch made niggas.
They ain't even knowin' what type of niggas we is. 
Where my thugs at ?
Bone Thugs - n - Harmony. I know you niggas been waiten for this
for a long time. 
Well here it is. What you gonna do with it?


(Bizzy)

Well it must be close to the Armageddon, Lord knows that I won'tfly 
by that lesson you taught me. To pull out my Wesson you boughtme, 
And I'm not streesin' it softly. Get 'em up off me, cause all wewanted 
was harmony. Been bombin' 'em , yell up outta my ghetto. I won't
settle get on my level. They can't stop me and pop me, Nigga they
got me? Fuck no. Wait till Pac get schizophrenic, let's manage to
damage all y'all. I'll talk about 'em, and you don't really want'em.
Cause they cornered and I 'm wantin' (???) I'm gonna say that we
came to shut 'em all down. So quick to test, but yes I saw war,
roll, flow when I get the gun for the murda mo' horror, for whatthey 
did it all, pause for the cause, and I find to pull a nine orpistol, a little 
nigga with mine. Fuck them nigga, it's on. All y'all fall. Bizzybe gettin 
bitches to test me, bless the floor, and any attempt to arrestme, 
stress me. Lord, lookin at death, with the last of my breath.Follow, 
follow my kids, so they don't sin in my steps. Yet the weapon iskept 
with the best of my secrets, deep in the leaves, I'm alone, nigga
believe that I can see it if needed, and if you really want mein, well 
then let it be, get the greens and we runnin' up overCleveland.

(2pac)
Ha, ha! 
Whats poppin nigga?
Put your motherfuckin hands on your strap, nigga
Thug Luv, nigga
Yeah, we can do this like gangstas and slug it out, 
or do this like punks and punk it out.
Pull your strap on me, nigga you better kill me.
Thug Luv, nigga
Thug Life, baby
Thug Luv.

I probably be punished for hard livin', blind to the facts thugsis 
convicts in G-d's prison hands on my strap. Prayin', so fatherplease 
forgive me. Police be rushin' when they see me, I flaunt itAmerica's 
Most Wanted live on T.V. Like pleasure and pain, stuck in thisgame.
Hollar my name we all gonna die. We bleed through similarveins.
Please explain to me now, don't panic when my guns burst, heard
the last jam, nigga this one's worse. My nigga Bone held thechrome 
till I came home. Thug Luv playas, tell these bitch niggas bringit on.
I caught a plane out to Cleveland late last evenin' to help myniggas 
clean up some niggas no longer breathin'. Now who do you believe
in? Hit the weed and grieve. It's a cold ass world, niggas. Killyou in 
your sleep, watch me until they stop me, bury, murder me or dropme. 
I got Thug Luv for my nationwide posse, feel me.

(Layzie)

Little thug from the land, nigga never ran. Muthafuckers out toget 

me. They don't understand it's the number 1 nigga out with anation 
of niggas down to put in some work and do some dirt, fuckin'around 
with the band Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, follow down the road, we 
stroll to meet karma.. Everything I do seems to cause drama.Ready 
for war like a knight in my armor, bomb ya. So quick to test us,nigga 
wanna crash me , eat dust. For the love of the lust, niggasbustin' on 
us. Hit 'em up with the buck 12 gauge eruptions. It's the art ofwar. 
Put niggas on the floor when I'm comin throught the door,bringin' 
nuthin' but terror, causin' much pain to the niggas that daredus, tried 
to put a twist in this thugsta era. Paired up like a nigga likePac, and 
a nigga like me, gotta stay high. Thug luv till I die, keep myprayer to 
the sky, but i'm still in the hood, smoke and fry, so I beg thelord to 
save us all escapers of misery, blast my niggas in penetentary,
soliders of the century, yeah.

(Krazie)

Here to get it, told my niggas they need to get the hell downwith the 
dirt, and we don't give a fuck around. Buck a couple of rounds,and 
if your passin through then hit the ground, and don't get caughtup in 
the crossfire, nigga. Artillery thick, and you don't wanna get tofuckin 
with this, I'm straight devil, not a punk and pretend. I reload,buck a 
little mo'. Flee the scene 'fore the po-po even know. So who ya
lookin for? They don't know. A muthafucka with a leather face.Hey 
man she said I ran this way, said I ran that way. Ya'll hoes'llnever 
know because I got away, yaeh yeah. A criminal mind to keep a 
nigga on a level, sometimes I get high, and analyze your crime.
Correctly organized and with results, you'll be surprised.


(Wish)

Oh, nigga, can you feel the vibe? We can ride. Playa hatin niggas
you gotsta die, it's only right. It's over with Bone better leaveit alone. 
Mo Thug come crack they fuckin domes. Still in the hood, where 
thugs play, fuckin with nothin but thugs man, ain't taken noshorts, or 
no losses. We crackin' them domes around my way. Give it to em on
another level, nigga get a shovel you can dig a hole. Bitches isdead 
infared to your head. You can beg, you go fled, but still gonnableed 
bloody red. Fuck with mine, we'll be seen in the moonlight, causewe 
out ridin lookin for you. Better run for cover nigga duck. Weabout to 
bust. Strate got the infared, put it on his forehead. Make amove, 
send flowers straight to his home. Put a card in the muthafucka,send 
it to his mama. Tell her he was dead wrong, dead wrong. Gone 
now we long gone, long gone.

(Bizzie)

Pac pac run with us run with us, run with us. Pac Pac run withus. 
Pac and RIP with thug luv.
