
[2Pac talking]

Imagine if you could go back, actually talk to the muthafuckas
that put us here (ha ha ha)you know, the first muthafuckaz
that came into the slave shit (excuse me, excuse me, look)


[Verse 1] 2Pac

We back for everything you owe, no longer opressed
Cause now we over-throne those that placed us in this rotten
mess
Unless we agree on strategy and pick our enemies RIDE
Who stands accused of the abuse my own kind to RIDE
Pardon, not dis-reguaridin' what you thinkin'
But you must abandon ship, cause once I rip, your whole shit is
sinkin'
Supreme autiology, you claim the whole
Claimin' that we all drug-dealers with empy souls
That you should tempt me to roll, commit to violence
In the mists of an act of war, witnesses left silent
Shatter, black tylin-style, thoughts I throw
It remains in your brain, then ofcouse it grows
Maybe, even your babies can produce and rise
Picture a life where black babies can survive pass-fire
But we must have hope, quotin' the reverend from the pope
But refuse to turn the other cheek, we must defeat the evil
coprait
Lace me with words of destruction, and I'll explode
But supply me with the will to survive, and watch the world grow
This ain't my talkin' 'bout problems, I bring solution
Wisdom, restitution, stipulated through the constitution
You violated, now I'm back to haunt your nights
Listen to the screams of the lives you sacrificed
And incase you don't know, ghetto-born, black seeds still grow
We comin' back for everything you owe


[chorus]by: ???

I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Muthafuckas are runnin' and duckin'

(how do you pleed Mr. Shakur ?
how do you pleed? how do I pleed? yes sir, 
how do you pleed? you know how I pleed,
come on !!!)

I'm a crazy nigga on a mission, with a bad mentality
All my missles, guns, gernades, pull out the penn, free
I'm comin', comin'

[Verse 2] 2Pac

Not guilty on the grounds of insanity, it was him or me
Bustin' at my innocent family, say they lookin' for keys
I was home alone, blind to the Prelude
Bustin', talkin' bout "where is the quelos",
"what you say fool !?!?"
"Where in the hell is the search warrant !?!?"
"no feed-back" is what he uttered
Before he screamed "Nigga-muthafucka"
Dropped me to my knees, I proceed to bleed
Sufferin' them "Way-No" blows to my hands and knees
Will I survive? as God whatchin'
I grab his gat and bust in self defense, my only option
God-damn...
Now they got me goin' to the county jail
And my family can't pay this outrageous bail
Try to offer me a deal, they told me if I squeal
Move me and my people to a mansion in Brazil
Not me ! so this is how it ends, no friends
I'll be stressed, and they just re-posess my Benz
Told the judge it was self-defense, but he won't listen
'Till I'm bumpin' in some federal prision
Givin' everything I owe


[chorus]by: ???

I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Muthafuckas are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission, with a bad mentality
All my missles, guns, gernades, pull out the penn, free
I'm comin'

I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Muthafuckas are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission, with a bad mentality
All my missles, guns, gernades, pull out the penn, free
I'm comin', comin', comin'
