
{chorus} 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
get yours 


[mc breed] 

smooth as a wanna be,for quickly you a gonna be 
{o thats the way it is} 
fuck yea and thats the way its gonna be 
why,puffin on a dank and drinking mad brew 
taking names and after that im kickin ass too. 
breed,kinda of tha{can i get a ryhme to go} 
hey yo pac ill set back and design it slow. 
they hate to see a young nigga,COME UP 
another punk,RUN UP 
and have to get his,GUN UP 
cause um i aint takin no shorts,like a newport,explortin the
fully joint and 
explodin on the whole court. 
and i dont wanna be,wanna be,nuttin like mike 
cause even mike dont miss every itty bitty triflin 
and when you in the spotlight,you get um jocked right 
but your lifes not tight. 
buckin anybody forbed mine 
when will they relize,im set out to get mine 

{chorus}x6 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
get yours 

[2Pac] 

i keep my mind on my money,money on my mind 
finga on the trigga,nigga,hand on my nine 
smokin blunts a skunk,makin hoes of punks 
and only underground funk bumpin outta my trunk 
live my life as a hustla,high till i die 
meetin bitches,gettin riches,miss me when lie 
picture me living out my life as a busta 
i ratha pop out a shot out my glock,and blast muthafuckas 
i live that thug life baby im hopeless,chokin off indo 
tryin to keep my focus 
dont let that bullshit worry me,fuck the fame,im true to the
game 
till they bury me 
God gave me game so im hustlin,pour out some liqour for my
niggas 
2pac is still strugglin 
my niggga breed new the time,wether its ryhme or crime,nigga,i
gotta get mine 

{chorus}x6 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
get yours 

??? 
now let me rushing threw your mind,im balla is what i keep
gettin 
everytime i pick up the mic and start spittin 
the sidewalk of new york will start bumpin 
jumpin around,with the muthafuckin pound 
and im down to the fullest,and breakin niggas ass off proper 
did you right,thats right,cause i got you in my pocket again 
the new jacks,the new jacks,use to be my niggas when i ran way
back when 
i boasted,and roasted,and coasted to the clinical cause ill do
it again. 
like percision,cut the two lines in the division. 
plus,what i add loose as flutes. its gaming foe sale like
prostitutes. 
i never had love for hoes,to put it blunt. 
they want me in the back,but bitch im in the front. 
dont front,and really i dont need a reply. 
pull yourself together as you pass me bye. 
im on a whole nother level,them hoes is left 
i told you befoe,keep ya pussy to yourself 
goodbye,some many niggas lied to have 
funny what a muthafucka do for math 
i got rats caught up in my everday actions,point 
equal to your realist satisfaction 
buckin anybody that forbid mine 
when will they reelize,im set out to gwt mine 

{chorus}x6 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
I gotta get mine,you gotta get yours 
get yours 

Eternally thug nigga Hilfigure made by Tommy 
so when I speak hope to reach my ? mommy 
oh come to poppy 
I love it when you sweat ? ? ? more peeps 
until I come to wake no one can stop me 
my bump and grind 
coming through ya everytime 
come get a blast of this thu passion 
it'll blow your mind 
hey throw up your ? ? 
your shit around my back 
it's a westside bang fucking hoes around the map 
? get down with Tupac while I'm ? out ? 
while they suduce my jimmy I'll 
be screaming give me body 
make then hoes scream my name out 
give me my ? and don't cha ? ? 
thug nigga ? ? ? 
I'm at the freaking parade 
I'm watching caramel bitches play 
get with real niggas bullshitting never get your pay 
this is the dream of a black tenn 
? ? hoes cross-country like a greedy crack fiend
now come on
