
[2Pac yelling] 

guess whos back 
guess whos back muthafucka,big ballin ass muthafuckin breed 
givin you what ya need,yea,smokin a gang of weed 
hit them fools nigga 


[MC Breed] 

come one,come all 
niggas gettin the beat down 
retreat,peeps,feel the heat of the breed sound 
collect facts,then attack like im suppose to 
ya boys goin,aaahhhh,4 new niggas and them hoes too 
its me,that nigga who aint never got caught 
my mic is smooth as peppa,with a touch of salt 
eat a book of the mark ass niggas i broke 
cause big breed,can do ya why im smokin my dope,try to cope 
catch up as this shit gets mental,this chronic got me workin my
brain 
i need a pencil. 
so i can shake and change the style.but in the meanwhile 
i maintain the crowd. 
make moves to improve,so i can get a bigger rep 
the trigger finger straped, i wanna see another nigga step 
i play the cards,and you lost.mista gillagan 
the mighty mad,bad writers comin real again 

[2Pac yelling] 

buck buck muthafucka.right at your muthafuckin ass. 
this shit too strong for a muthafuckin vest. 
so watch your chest and your dome. 
leave breed the fuck alone. 
we sendin niggas to the fuckin cemetary. 

[breed] 

they got me thinkin.sittin in the hot spot. 
im straight up havin hard times wanting me a drop top. 
and a phat knot.i aint tryin to hear that 5-0 shit. 
im black,and i was born with a survival kit. 
aint shit to spit,in the beer that im drinkin 
i gotta get paid,i gotta get paid,and thats what a nigga be
thinkin. 
you sleep hoes,im lookin in peep holes. 
in your 4head,run till your toes is numb,go test your broke
head. 
breed got niggas on your back once again punk. 
told you aint no future in that shit,but you still front. 
when will they relize,i got the feel again, 
the mighty mad writers comin real again. 

[2pac yelling] 

buck buck bbbbbbbbbiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggg 
thats the motherfuckin sound as we fuckin mothafuckas down. 
yea nigga,run but you count out race this motherfuckin bullet 
breed,pull it,they cant fade you boy. 

[breed] 

once mo,toe to toe,i dont think so 
bird sales,and knockin niggas out like ridick boe. 
you aint the play,you know the play well dont say shit. 
get'em,and find your ass gettin off the pathement 
wavin the shit, beggin niggas to just straight quit 
but fuck that,a hard head can get a niggas ass kicked 
i aint lettin up for none,son 
im comin real again. 

[2Pac yelling] 

yea motherfucker how you wanna play this shit 
we can go toe to toe,glock for glock,block for block 
homie for muthafuckin homie. 
but you muthafuckers gonna feel this nigga this time. 
cause we aint comin back with that old bullshit. 
its too many muthafuckin dead niggas,for me to be takin this
here bullshit 
thata why theres muthafuckers in the pin now nigga. 
so pull or quit that bullshit. cause i dont wanna hear that
muthafuckin crap. 
comin real again nigga, thought i told you muthafuckers,i
thought u knew 
its the muthafuckin real shit muthafucka.100 percent athentic. 
type of shit you get chronic out to,know what im sayin? 
so do me a muthafuckin fava,and light another muthafuckin blunt.

you know what im sayin?a blunt muthafucka.philly sytle. 
know what im sayin?chronic nigga. 
im talkin bout layed out,played out,phat fuckin funk. 
yea this that kinda shit we kickin in the 9 tre muthafucka. 
so all you muthafuckin big ballin ass gangstas 
you put your muthafuckin hand on ya gat. 
and if the police roll up and say turn it down,you burn it down
mufucka 
cause we comin real again. 19 nigga 3,boy,real again,and grabbin
steel 
again.
