
Come on come on
I see no changes. Wake up in the morning and I ask
Myself
"Is life worth living? Should I blast myself?"
I'm tired of bein' poor and even worse I'm black
My stomach hurts, so I'm lookin' for a purse to
Snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro? Pull the trigger
Kill a nigga, he's a hero
Give the crack to the kids who the hell cares? One
Less hungry mouth on the welfare
First ship 'em dope &amp; let 'em deal the brothers
Give 'em guns, step back, and watch 'em kill each
Other
"It's time to fight back" , that's what Huey said
2 shots in the dark now Huey's dead
I got love for my brother, but we can never go nowhere


Unless we share with each other. We gotta start makin'
Changes
Learn to see me as a brother 'stead of 2 distant
Strangers
And that's how it's supposed to be
How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me?

I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
But things change, and that's the way it is

(Come on, come on) that's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aw, yeah

(Come on, come on) that's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aw, yeah

I see no changes. All I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace for races we under
I wonder what it takes to make this one better
Place
Let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people, they'll be acting right

'Cause mo' black than white is smokin' crack tonight
And only time we chill is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And although it seems heaven sent
We ain't ready to see a black President, uh
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with
Blacks
But some things will never change
Try to show another way, but they stayin' in the dope
Game
Now tell me what's a mother to do?
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you
You gotta operate the easy way
"I made a G today" But you made it in a sleazy way
Sellin' crack to the kids. "I gotta get paid"
Well hey, well that's the way it is

We gotta make a change
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some
Changes
Let's change the way we eat, let's change the way we
Live
And let's change the way we treat each other
You see the old way wasn't working so it's on us to do

What we gotta do, to survive

And still I see no changes. Can't a brother get a
Little peace?
There's war on the streets &amp; the war in the Middle
East
Instead of war on poverty
They got a war on drugs so the police can bother me
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do
But now I'm back with the facts givin' 'em back to
You
Don't let 'em Jack you up, back you up, crack you up
And pimp smack you up
You gotta learn to hold ya own
They get jealous when they see ya with ya mobile
Phone
But tell the cops they can't touch this
I don't trust this, when they try to rush I bust this

That's the sound of my tune. You say it ain't cool
But mama didn't raise no fool
And as long as I stay black, I gotta stay strapped &amp; I
Never get to lay back
'Cause I always got to worry 'bout the pay backs
Some buck that I roughed up way back, comin' back
After all these years
Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat, that's the way it is, uh

Some things never change
