
[2Pac] 

And huh, I started out dumb, sprung of a hood-rat, 
listening to the radio, wishing that I could rap... 
but nothing changed, I was stuck in the game, 
cause everybody in the industry was fuckin' me man... 
listen, I got a scheme, break away, do my own thang, 
drop some conversation, sit back and let the phone ring... 
niggas they wanna see me rise, 
'97 watch me cut these muthafuckas down to size... 
and if I catch another case, Lord knows how to hate me, 
got a playa in the court room, please don't let 'em frame me... 
I been dumpt a lot of bad cards, livin' as a thug, 
count my blessings, gone stressing in this land with no love... 
maybe they seen me rolling, look at all this green I'm holding, 
I guess this ridah envious and get they eyes swollen... 
open to heavenly father of a hustler, 
meet the hardest nigga on the earth to ever bust a nut... 
my homies tell me have a heart, fuck they feelings, 
I've been tryin' to make a million since we started, we cold-hearted... 
niggas in mash that'll blast up the task force, empty out my clip, 
time to mash, they asked for it... 
me Makaveli I'm a muthafucka, 
we break bread, now we thug brothas... 
ha ha... 
niggas talk a lot of non-shit, 
I choose to ignore, but war, they ain't ready for it... 
ha ha... 


[Chours] 

[2Pac] 

Watch me clown, give me lovin' when I'm high, 
I'm a Outlaw, baby I'll be thuggin' til I die... 
in my drop top Double R, 
life as a rap star, 
hustle like a crack fein, 
til they catch me... 
go at somebody til ya show, watchin' niggas out to sight, in my nightscope, 
cookin' white dope... 
got my nigga 25 to Life stressed out, 
tryin' to have all the better things in life... 
while Makaveli, a born leader to millimeter, 
changin' niggas futures like a switch-ofrenic palm reader... 
he, from out the bible I read, see the meet, 
shall inheriet the earth, and the strong will lead... 
hittin' weed like it's alright, 
I'm in the studio, makin' music all night... 
ha ha... 
my enemies cry whenever I rise, I hate it to the death, 
tryin' to peep me out my last breath... 
what you gonna do?.. 

[Chours ] 

[Storm] 

Who's to blame for my mind frame, 
tryin' to lead this money game, 
got me feinin' for riches wantin' to kill for a case of fame... 
recurrin' dreams of illess ends, front page magazines, 
livin' life like a thug queen... 
but instead, I'm having nightmares, 
they call 'em Outlaw preminitions of premeditated missions... 
livin' conditions suspecious, so they got me on a hit list, 
wishin' that I was flip like a wet bitch... 
but it's the timin' nigga, 
and I've been waiting for you years, I put my grind in nigga... 
I see you scopin', cause I got what you want to flaunt, 
my every calculated move is a nail to ya couffin... 
not what ya don't know is I got .16 point holla, 
thugged out female Boss shot-calla... 
now what you gonna do?.. 
where yo busta ass crew?.. 
when my niggas come for you... 

[Chours]
