
Nterviewer:
Between you and biggie, it's like
Who's gon', who's gon, who rules the.. The..
The nigga kingdom and shit basically, y'knahmsayin?
I was like, this is like a fuckin, election
It's an election and shit, y'knahmsayin?


Tupac:
It isn't, it isn't that
Me and biggie's situation is smaller than that
Me and biggie's situation is like..

[Tupac's response is cut off by ambulance sirens and news clips]
"Tupac shakur was shot seven times in the chest"

Tupac:
When I'm in jail, strangers was tellin
You don't know? Biggie know who shot ya
They braggin
And that's why what I'm doin, I know what I'm doin
I'm destroyin 'em, I'm destroyin 'em man

Know, I wonder if they'll laugh in my dying day
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothin in sight?
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives it a try?
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to die?

Notorious B.I.G.:
Check it, I grew up a fuckin screw-up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin blew up
Choppin rocks overnight
The nigga biggie smalls tryin to turn into the black frank white
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missin
Show they toes you know they got stepped on
A fist full of bullets a chest full of teflon
Run from the police picture that, nigga I'm too fat
I fuck around and catch a asthma attack (*heavy breathing*)
That's why I bust back, it don't phase me
When he drop, take his glock, and I'm swayze
Celebrate my escape, sold the glock, bought some weight
Laid back, I got some money to make, motherfucker

Know, I wonder if they'll laugh in my dying day
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothin in sight?
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives it a try?
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to die?

Biggie - speaking over chorus:
Keep your mouth shut man, y'knahmsayin?
Just... Don't feed into it, never feed into it
It's gon' do nothin but escalate, y'knahmsayin?
I know it wasn't true
I know what he thought, but what he though wasn't true

Tupac:
It's on me
But still I'm havin, memories of high speed when the cops crashed
As I laugh, pushin the gas when my glocks blast
We was young, and we was dumb, but we had heart
In the dark, will we survive through the bad parts
Many dreams is what I had, and plenty wishes
No hesitation in extermination of these snitches
Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me
A couple of movies, now the whole world's tryin to screw me
Even the cops tried to sue me, so what can I do?
But stay true, sippin 22's of brew
And now media is tryin to test me
Got the press askin questions, tryin to stress me
Misery is all I see, that's my mindstate
My history with the police is shake the crime rate
My main man had two strikes, slipped, got arrested and flipped
He screamed thug life and emptied the clip
Got tired of runnin from the police

Know, I wonder if they'll laugh in my dying day
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothin in sight?
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives it a try?
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to die?

Tupac:
They wanted a new regime
And my regime, includes east coast
Includes, west coast

Notorious B.I.G.:
I was, more shocked than anything, y'knahmsayin?
But I wasn't more shocked of, him dying
I was more shocked of him.. 'pac is a strong dude yo
I know dude, y'knahmsayin? Real strong
So when they was like he got shot
I was just more like - again?
Y'knahmayin? He always gettin shot, or shot at
He gon' pull through this one again
Make a few records about it, and it's gon' be over
Y'knahmsayin? But when he, when he died
I was just like - whoa, y'knahmsayin?
Kinda took me by..
I mean even though we was goin through our drama
I would never wish death on nobody, y'knahmsayin?
Cause they'd be comin back from death
