
(feat. Busta Rhymes)

(2pac talkin)
You know what gang violence is, mostly
and the people dont want you to hear this
somebody shoots your family member
so of course you retaliate, You know what i mean
Same thing the U.S does except nobody even shot their family members
you know, they see that, somebody bomb a school
and all these people get killt
so the united states feel like ooh thats messed up
we gotta go show em who tha real killers
this country was built on gangs, you know
i think this country still is run on gangs
republicans, democrats, the police department, the FBI
the CIA, those are gangs, you know what i mean
the correctional officers,
I had a correctional officer tell me straight,
we the biggest gang in New York state
straight up


(Verse 1)
Some press the revolution of premeditated scheme
Introduce a drug called crack, to us ghetto teens
Got a law for raw niggaz, now playa what it be like?
When will niggaz see they got us bleedin with three strikes
Can't seem to focus hopeless, with violent thoughts I wrote this
Got these Devils petrified, hidin from my hocus-pocus
And so I learned to earn my currency in over time (muahahaha)
Affiliated, clearly click a military mind
May God forgive us though we dwell inside a paradox
Thugged out and drug dealin, from the womb to the block
My live mind got me survivin five rounds
My forty-five got my fortified with live rounds
When shit's thick we plot hits, when our glock spits
All hail, I don't bail, grab the 2Pacalypse
Forever ghetto necessary picture food stamps
Outlaw Thug Niggaz never left the boot camp

Chorus: Busta Rhymes

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggaz in the world, 2Pac is back
Where my soldierz is at? (2X)
Where the fuck my soldierz at?
Where my soldierz is at?

(Verse 2)

Now i was born as a rebel, making trouble for the devil
Take this gang bang shit, to a whole nother level
Can you feel me now? Armies in every city
Definition of power, players are you with me?
See the war is the profecy, survival is the strategy
Rest in peace to my comrades that deceased
(Busta Rhymes: Notorious B.I.G)
Recognize these streets in time
Youll have these devils petrified of a nigga in his right mind
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
I got you in my heart till tha day i die
Think of tha damage we can do, if we bustin high
Can you picture me low? Its a thugs raft
Political contracts and blood baths
From Matulu Shakur, been to Rikers
Though they got you, I never let them stop me
The struggle continues

(2Pac Talkin)
Now if we do want to live a thug life and a gangsta life and all of that,
ok, so stop being cowards and lets have a revolution
but we dont wanna do that, dudes just wanna of character
They wanna be cartoons, but if they really wanted to do something
if they was that tough, alright, lets start our own country
lets start a revolution, lets get out of here, lets do something

Chorus: Busta Rhymes

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggaz in the world, 2Pac is back
Where my soldierz is at? (2X)
Where the fuck my soldierz at?
Where my soldierz is at?
