
Hook
don't everybody like the smell of gasoline?
Well burn muthafucka burn American dreams
Don't everybody like the taste of apple pie?
We'll snap for yo' slice of life i'm tellin you why
I hear that MOther Nature's now on birth control
the coldest pimp be lookin for somebody to hold
the highway up to Heaven got a crook on the too
Youth full of fire aint got nowhere to go, nowhere to go


All of my heroes did dope, every nigga 'round me
Playin married or payin child support.  I can't cope
Never made no sense to me one day i hope it will
and that's that, sport, sport
pray i live to see the day when Seven's happily married
with kids woe, woe
the world is movin' fast and i'm losin my balance
no time dig low. low.
to a place where ain't nowhere to go but up
ya wit me say shiiittt, sho. sho.
Now let me ask y'all this
Hook

It's shittly little ricky stratton got a million bucks
my cousin ricky walker got ten yeaers doin fed time
on a first offense drunk bust, fuck the Holice
that's if you racist or ya crooked
aresst me for this dope.  I didn't wieght it up or cook it
you gotta charge the world cause over a million people took it
look at me. you outta your jurisdiction now you lookin stupid
officer, get off me sir, don't make me call L.A. he'll have youwalkin sir
a couple of months ago, they gave OutKast the key to the city
but i sill gotta pay my taxes and they give us no pity
about the youngsters amongst us you think they respect the law
they think they monsters, they love us, realit rappin'
and giving the youth the truth from this booth
and when we on stage we scream don't everybody everbody.
Hook

Officer of the most high, you touch me you touch the apple ofthis eye
if they kick us out where will we go
not to africa caue not one of them acknowledge us as the kinfolk
still eating prok, abomination, descration of beating flesh
penalty for violation is death
woe, woe to the man that strive with his maker on judgment day
hip, hip, horray! Mr. Reaper, Babylon the Great
the mother of heartless is falling, prophecy must be fullfilled
the liquor fire is calling
Hook
