
..tone Spectrum, Pacman, Commodore 
ZX-81, donkey kong, fucking high score 
Push it to the limit, couldn't push it any more 
Wanna be a fucking robot after smoking loads of draw 


Bought a speak and spell, stuck it to my chest 
And wraps a fucking ? onto my head and to my vest 
Walking down the stret, my next door neighbours not impressed 
I'm a robot and buying ten fags is my quest 

Eggsie's gone too far, he thinks he's robocop 
He's covered in tinfoil and he's got matching metal socks 
We tried to sedate him but he fucking escaped 
The man robot myth starts to escalate 

He tries to sell himself standing in curries 
But if the police turn up, he runs in a fucking hurry 
He tries to plug himself in the mains with his nob 
And when he's fully recharged he goes out on the rob 

Half man, half machine 
What does it mean? 
What does it mean? 

Half man, half machine 
What does it mean? 
What does it mean? 

Being a robot in my digital domain 
Enter my world, feel my pain 
I'm not like other people you might see or you might know 
I made love to a BBC micro 
Touching on the disk drive, the monitor got hot 
I knew from then, I was a motherfucking robot 
Bill Gates from Microsoft, Stephen Hawking's voice 
And fucking Lara Croft 

I built a lab, secret in my loft 
And built a special costume that would help me to jack off 
I sat there in front of the screen 
For many years, this had been my wet dream 
Now I've reched it, I'm finally there 
Like terminator being filmed in Aberdare 
So alone, when people stop and stare 
Like C3PO but with pubes and hair 

Robot Love 
Robot 
Robotic Breakdancing 
Robot 

The doctors found a nut 
They said he was an headcase 
'cos he sticks silver and cans on his face 

Sucking off antennas and trying to fuck the fridge 
And burnt his pubic wig, with the high voltage 

I am a robot 
My prime directive is to's go to's the shops 
And buy's ten fags 
Do's you's compute? 

He wants to buy ten fags, his destination is the shops 
A tinfoil suit and a hat like Robocop 
If your ask him then he'll do a bodypop 
Like terminator, yeah he just won't stop 

Put electical cable down through the eye of his cock 
Plugged it in the wall and gave himself a big shock 
The reason that he did it wasn't to give himself pain 
Watching Terminator over again and again 

Fuck man, get him, fucking restrain him man 
get him fucking, fucking get him down man 
inject him man, get him down 
He's fucking nuts spa and he's losing it 
Help me man, just get him fucking.... 

Half man, half machine 
What does it mean? 
What does it mean? 

Half man, half machine 
What does it mean? 
What does it mean?

Half man, half machine
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
