
If you see a faded sign by the side of the road that says
15 miles to the...Love Shack! Love Shack yeah
I'm headin' down the Atlanta highway, lookin' for the love getaway
Heading for the love getaway, love getaway,
I got me a car, it's as big as a whale and we're headin' on down
To the Love Shack
I got me a Chrysler, it seats about 20
So hurry up and bring your jukebox money


Well the Love Shack is a little place where we can get together
Love Shack baby, Love Shack bay-bee.
Love Shack, baby Love Shack, Love Shack, baby Love Shack!

Sign says.. Woo... stay away fools, 'cause love rules at the Love Shack!
Well it's set way back in the middle of a field,
Just a funky old shack and I gotta get back

Glitter on the mattress
Glitter on the highway
Glitter on the front porch
Glitter on the hallway

Well the Love Shack is a little place where we can get together
Love Shack baby! Love Shack baby!
Love Shack, that's where it's at! Love Shack, that's where it's at!

Huggin' and a kissin', dancin' and a lovin', wearin' next to nothing
Cause it's hot as an oven
The whole shack shimmies,
when everybody's movin' around and around and around!
Everybody's movin', everybody's groovin' baby!
Folks linin' up outside just to get down
Everybody's movin', everybody's groovin' baby
Funky little shack! Funky little shack!

Hop in my Chrysler, it's as big as a whale and it's about to set sail!
I got me a car, it seats about 20
So come on and bring your jukebox money.

Well the Love Shack is a little place where we can get together
Love Shack baby, Love Shack bay-bee.
Love Shack, baby Love Shack, Love Shack, baby Love Shack!

Bang bang bang on the door baby! Knock a little louder sugar!
Bang bang bang on the door baby! I can't hear you!
Bang bang! On the door baby
Bang bang! On the door
Bang bang! On the door baby
Bang bang!
You're what?... Tin roof, rusted!
Love Shack, baby Love Shack, Love Shack, baby Love Shack!
Love Shack, baby Love Shack, Love Shack, baby Love Shack!
A lot of love at the love shack
