
American music awards, please wait!
American music awards, yes, this is a team of American performance
Oh, president Kelly!


I had a very busy day, can you bring my lunch?
What would you like to eat, mr president?
Girl, you work for me for six long years
You know what I want
I just wanna hear you saying

I want an italian, I want an italian!
Oh, oh, oh, I want an italian!
Okay I'm going robert

I, I feel good, I walk alone
But then I trip upon myself and I fall
I, I stand up, and then I'm okay
But then you print that shit that makes me wanna scream

Are you ready for lunch? One, two, three!

So do what you want, what you want with my body
Do what you want, don't stop, let's party
Do what you want, what you want with my body
Do what you want, what you want with my body

Write what you want, say what you want about me
If you're wonderin' know that I'm not sorry
Do what you want, what you want with my body
What you want with my body

You can't have my heart and you won't use my mind, but
Do what you want with my body, do what you want with my body
You can't stop my voice, cause you don't own my life but
Do what you want with my body, do what you want with my body

Early morning, longer nights
Tom ford, private flights
Crazy schedule, fast life
I wouldn't trade it in, 'cuz it's our life
Let's slow it down
I could be the drink in your cup
I could be the green in your blunt
Your pusher man
Yea, I got what you want
You wanna escape
All of the crazy shit
You're the marilyn, I'm the president
I love to hear you say, girl

Do what I want, do what I want with your body
Do what I want, do what I want with your body
Back of the club takin’ shots gettin’ naughty
No invitations it's a private party

Do what I want, do what I want with your body
Do what I want, do what I want with your body
Yeah, we takin’ these haters and we roughin’ ‘em up
And we layin’ the club like we don't give a fuck

You can't have my heart and you won't use my mind, but
Do what you want with my body, do what you want with my body
You can't stop my voice, cause you don't own my life, but
Do what you want with my body, do what you want with my body

Who posted these photos on Instagram?

Sometimes I'm scared, I suppose if you ever leave me
I would fall apart, if you break my heart
So just take my body and don't stop the party

Mr. President, who is this girl?
I've never seen this girl before my life, I need to get back to work
Mr. President, you don't know who is this girl?
No questions, no questions!
Do you know who this girl is?
President kelly?

You can't have my, help me now!
So do what you want with my body
Do what you want with my body
Help me now!
Do what you want with me, say what you want about me!
Do what you want with me! What you want with my body!
Do what you want with me! Say what you want with me!
What you want with my body!
Oh, uh, oh!
