
Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin... begin
This is anti-autotune, death of the ringtone
This ain't for Itunes, this ain't for sing-along
This is Sinatra at the opera, bring a blonde
Preferably with a fat ass who can sing a song
Wrong, this ain't politically correct
This might offend my political connects
My rap's don't have melodies
This shit make jackers wanna go n commit felonies
Ah, get your chain tooken
I may do it myself, I'm so Brooklyn
I know we facin a recession
But the music yall makin gonna make it the great depression
Ah, or your lack of aggression
Pull your skirt back down, grow a set men
Ah, ah... nigga this just violent
This is death of autotune, ah moment of silence
La da da da... hey hey hey goodbye
Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin... begin
Holdup, this ain't a number 1 record
This is practically assault with a deadly weapon
I made this just for Flex n Mrs. C,
I want niggas to feel threatened
Stop your blood clot crying
The kid the dog everybody dying
No lyin, your niggas' jeans too tight
Your colors too bright, your voice too light
I might wear black four years straight,
I might bring back Versace shades,
This ain't for Z100
Ye told me to kill yall to keep it 100
This is for Hot 9-7
The shit for clue for Khaled, for we the best n'
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of autotune, moment of silence...
La da da da... hey hey hey goodbye
Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin... begin
Holdup, this shit need a verse from Jeezy... ay!
I might send this to the mixtape Weezy
Get somebody from BMF to talk on this
Give this to a Blood, let a Crip walk on it
Get me foul to style on this
I just don't need nobody to smile on this
You niggas singin too much,
Get back to rap you T-Pain'n too much
Ah, I'm a multi-millionaire
So how is it I'm still the hardest nigga here?
I don't be in the project hallway
Talkin' bout how I be in the project all day
That sounds stupid to me,
If you a gangsta, this is how you prove it to me
Yeah, just get violent
This is death of autotune, moment of silence
La da da da... hey hey hey goodbye
Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin... begin

