
Shit, you mothafuckin right. I'm the bitch that's keepin it live
and keepin it hot, when you punk ass niggas is on. Nigga, west
side. What!!
Bring it on. 


Look for me. Lost in the world in 96. Bonnie and Clyde. 
Me and my girlfriend doin 85 when we ride
trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child. Raised in this whirlwind.*C'mon*
Our childhood years recall the tears. Heart laced with venom.
Smokin Cherm drinkin malt liquor. Father forgive her
Me and my girlfriend must of fell in love with the struggle.
Hands on the steering wheel. Bust! While she bail out bustin
Fuck em all. Watch em fall. Screamin. 
Automatic gunfire exorcisin all demons. Mafias on the side
My congragation high, ready to die. We bail out to take the jail
back.
Niggas united. Our first date. Couldn't wait to see u naked
Touch you in every secret place. I can hardly wait to bust
freely.
Got you red hot. You so happy to see me.
Make the frontpage, primetime live on TV. 
Nigga, my girlfriend may be .45 but she still live.
One shot make a niggas heartbeat stop

What!! I'm bustin on you punk ass niggas. Run, nigga, run. I'm
on your ass
nigga. Run, nigga, duck and hide. I'm bustin on all you bitches.
Run, nigga,
yeah. West side, uh,uh,uh. Die, nigga, die. 

My girlfriend blacker than the darkest night. 
When niggas act bitch made, she got the heart to fight.
Nigga, my girlfriend. Though we seperated at times, 
I knew deep inside baby girl'll would always be mine
Picked you up when you was 9. Started out my life of crime wit
you.
Bought you some shells when you turned 22. It's true. 
Nothing compares to the satisfaction that I feel when we out
mashin.
Me and my girlfriend. 

(Chorus)
All I need in this life of sin,
Is me and my girlfriend.
Down to ride to the bloody end.
Just me and my girlfriend. 

I was too immature to understand your ways.
Inexperienced back in the days.
Caused so many arguments and strays
Now I realize how to treat cha. 
The secret to keep ya. Bein faitful now cuz now cheating's
leathal
We closer than the hands of time. Deeper than the drop of
mankind
I trust you dearly, I shoot blind. In time I clock figures
Droppin niggas as we rise. We all souljas in Gods eyes
Now it's time for war. Never leave me baby. I'm paranoid.
Sleepin with you loaded by my bedside, crazy. 
Jealous when you hang wit the fellas.
I wait patiently alone anticipated for the moment you come
home.
I'm watin by the phone. This is true love, I could feel it
Had alot of women in my bed but you the realest.
If you ever need me call. I'll be there through it all
You're the reason I could stand tall.
Me and my girlfriend. 

Chorus repeats 

I love finger fuckin you. 
All of a sudden im hearing thunder, wen u bust a nut
Niggas be duckin or takin numbers.
Love to watch you at a block party beggin for drama.
While unleashin on the old timers That's on my mama. 
I would trade my life for yours. 
Behind closed door, the only girl that I adore.
Everything I'm askin for. 
Talkin to me, beggin me to just take you around.
17, like Brandy, you just wanna be down.
Talkin loud. When I tell you be quiet, you move the crowd
Bustin rounds, activatin a riot That's why I love you so
No control, down to roll. Unleash. After I hit, you break
apart.
Then back to one piece. Much love to my one and only
girlfriend.
The world is ours. Just hold me down. Baby, witness the power.
Never leave a nigga alone. I love you, black or chrome.
Turn this house into a happy home.
Me and my girlfriend. 

Chorus repeats 

Lost in the world in 96. Bonnie and Clyde. 
Me and my girlfriend doin 85 when we ride, trapped in this world
of sin
Born as a ghetto child. Raised in this whirlwind.
Look for me.
