
Lyrics Ladies and gentlemen, put our hands together for theastonishing...
(girls singing)
H to the izz-O...V to the izz-A...


Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world
The flow o' the century...oh it's timeless...HOVA!
Thanks for comin' out tonight
You coulda been anywhere in the world, but you're here with me
I appreciate that...uh!

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
Was herbin' em in the home of the Terrapins
Got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short wit' cheese I would work wit' them
Born in weed...got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't born hustlers I was burpin' em
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Fo' sheezy my neezy keep my arms so greasy
Can't leave rap alone the game needs me
Haters want me clapped they chrome it ain't easy
Cops wanna knock me, D.A. wanna box me in
But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, he who does not feel me, is not real to me
Therefore he doesn't exist
So poof...vamoose son of a BITCH!

CHORUS
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem get'cha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty ya'll got-ta feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem get'cha damn hands UP!

Holla at me...
I do this for my culture
To let 'em know what a nigga look like...when a nigga in aroaster
Show 'em how to move in a room full 'o vultures
Industry shady it need to be taken over
Label owners hate me I'm raisin' the status quo up
I'm overchargin' niggaz for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hold us
We can talk, but money talks so talk mo' bucks

CHORUS

Yeah...
Hova's back, life stories told through rap
Niggaz actin' like I sold you crack
Like I told you sell drugs...no...
Hova did that so hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the pro-jects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back, sellin' they mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner, focused on the ave
Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamp post, why I got my hand closed?
Crack's in my palm, watchin' the long arm o' the law
So you know I seen it all before
I seen hoop dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail, the two things I hate
Succeed in this rap game, the two things is great
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
What else can I say about dude, I gets bizzay

CHORUS

(girls singing)
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A... (4x to fade out)
