
It ain't for everybody
Welcome to Hollywood baby
-Take my picture
I'm comin with
-Let's not even talk about it
Let's do it
-Let's go


[Beyonce]
I see your jealousy as you're watching (I see you watching)
You're watching ( It's all good)
It's kinda sexy to me (I Love it)
How you're watching, you're watching
I see your face (i see your face)
You want to touch it (you want to touch it)
Come to my place (come to the crib)
And let's discuss it (let's chop it up)
Tonight you'll be (you 'gon be a superstar baby)
A superstar
Come let me sign you up (let's get into it)

[Chorus]
Ooh it's the lights (you're blinded by the...)
Action! (you need that...)
Hollywood (Uh Uh Uh Uh)
Ooh it's the lights (you're blinded by the...)
Satisfaction (you need that...)
Hollywood (Uh Uh Uh Uh c'mon)

[Verse 1]
Paparazzi spots me in the lobby of my high rise
I hide, behind my shades because the fame is blindin my eyes
My god, I know how Ozzy Oz must have felt when he was As high
Cuz i have got, i have got to make this stop
People often warn me that the fame ain't for the faint of heart
It'll change those cuz if they had love for you into strangers
When the fame starts, A chain reaction 
Locomotion like when a train departs
Stranger things have happened 
Rappers stackin platinum plaques and
Born in Brooklyn, Got a place in Manhattan
Goin back to Brooklyn to escape the madness when your friends is
Chris &amp; Gwyneth when your girl is more famous than you
Then it's time to get all your windows tinted
Keep your eyes squinted it's gon flash any minute
The music biz is like musical chairs about where your standing
When the music stop spinnin and I

[Chorus]

[Beyonce]
You got to get it (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
Do you want it? (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
But you don't need it (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
'Til you do, 'til you do (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)

[verse 2]
Hey Mister, page sixer
A-Lister, you're in the midst of 
The ride of your life, but you gotta keep them hits up
Can't put your guard down, gotta keep your mits up
Take a sip sir, it's so intoxicating ain't it?
Try not to get jaded
Hollywood's been good to ya
Startin to feel like buzz to ya
Don't lie, go on fly, you're addicted to the light 
Without the fame, how you gonna survive?
It's like livin on heroin, you so high

[Beyonce]
And everybodies warning you about it (I tried to told you)
And once you taste it you can't live without it (It's addicting)
Not cuz you choose to not live without it (you sure you want this baby)
It's now a part of you, it's now a part of you (It's a part of you)
And everybodies warning you about it 
And once you taste it you can't live

[chorus]

[verse 3]
Wanna be seen now, groupies
Now you've become what you once despised
James Dean, John Belushi, blow your whole life trying to live in the lights
Heroin's following Marilyn hopping over the edge
It's like Janis Joplin,
River phoenix, Jimi Hendrix
Jimmy Morrison all them ended by Hollywood
Thank God for Hollywood
Hollywood...
you sure you want this baby?
Hollywood, it's the most addicting drug in the world
Want the fame
Want the lights
