
One day when i was ridin on the train i seen these two kids talkin
About the (roc-a-fella) had fallen (yeah!)
One day when i was ridin on the train i seen these two kids talkin
About the (roc-a-fella) had fallen (yeah! roc-a-fella y'all!!!! owww!!!!)
(*east new york!!!!)


Before stack bundles died he said i was the new version of biggie
B.i.g. tell stacks he wasn't lyin i really get busy (you heard diddy?!)
I be listenin like damn i said that?!
I should be a millionaire where the fuck is the bread at?! (where the money?)
Come on niggas come up to me and say
You should have signed to 50 instead of signin with jay (word!!!)
Man i got six figures from jay i'm straight
You little groupie ass niggas get the fuck out my face!!! (uhhhhh!!!)
Chris lighty told me to tell y'all get off my dick
I'm connected how y'all know i ain't fuckin with fif?! (g-g-g-g-g)
Hustlers holla at me like, whattup murd?
I heard you got it but you overchargin niggas for that work (i am!!!)
You get it for the low low but your prices is wooo!!!!!!
(it's about to be higher!!!!)
I'm like yeah that's the motherfuckin truth!!!! (but it's fire!!!)
Shit you know where i gotta go to get it
I be feelin like frank lucas before he started snitchin

He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me
He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be
Check it out now! (i get away with mur-mur-murda!!!)
He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me
He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be
Check it out now! (i get away with mur-mur-murda!!!)

Let's do this..
Yes, gangsta, gangsta, how y'all wanna do this?
I clap niggas down for yappin off follish
Ain't no stoppin this roc-a-fella movement
The name is jay guevara, homie, who are you and
Your offbeat dj? if anything he play, sound familiar
I'll wait 'til pharrell say, ("lame...")
Now i have to diss you, joe
You can get a smack for that, matter of fact
The gats are blown, the natural like roy harve'
The boy hard, your toy squad'll get squashed, boy!!!
Yardee, y'all be lost in the source
Partly because y'all boss ain't a leader
He's a follower, (no!!!) no, i'm not coppin ya
Album or your single, you likely to go coppa
The coke coppa, the quick k cooker
Sadat x like master p, bring the hook up

He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me
He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be
Check it out now! (i get away with mur-mur-murda!!!)
He asked for it his man saw it so it don't mean shit to me
He's gone, and that's how it supposed to be
Check it out now! (i get away with mur-mur-murda!!!)
