
I'm a-a diva (hey), I'm a, I'm a-a diva (hey)
I'm a, I'm a-a diva (hey), I'm a, I'm a-a diva (hey)
I'm a, I'm a-a diva (hey), I'm a, I'm a a diva (hey)
I'm a, I'm a a diva (hey), I'm a, I'm a a di-


Na-na-na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla
Na-na-na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla

Stop the track, lemme state facts
I told you, gimme a minute and I'll be right back
50 million 'round the world and they say that I couldn't get it
I done got so sick and filthy with Benjis, I can't spend it
Tell me somethin' (tell me somethin')
Where yo boss at? (Where yo boss at?)
Where my ladies up in here that like to talk back? (That like to talk back?)
I wanna see her (I wanna see her)
I'd like to meet ya (I'd like to meet her)
What you say? (Not to me)
She ain't no diva (she ain't no diva)

Oh no, no, no
Divas, y'all help me sing this next verse
Here we go

Since 15 in my stilettos, been struttin' in this game
What's yo age? was the question they ask when I hit the stage
I'm a diva, best believe her, you see how she gettin' paid?
She ain't callin' him to greet her, don't need him, her bed's made
This is a stick-up, stick-up (I need them bags of that money)
We're gonna stick-up, stick-up (you see the mask, where that money?)
All my ladies get it done, I see you, I do the same
Take it to another level, no passengers on my plane

Hey, hey, hey, yeah
I'm a, I'm a a diva, I'm a, I'm a a diva (I need them bags of that money)
I'm a, I'm a a diva, I'm a, I'm a a diva (you see the mask, where that money?)
(I need them bags of that money)

[O.T. Genasis]
I be gettin' to the money, everybody mad
I think I'm gettin' too much money, everybody mad
The same old nigga from the block
The same old nigga with the pot
The same old nigga from the trap
Everybody hated on him, then he bounced right back
I be gettin' to the money, everybody mad
I think I'm gettin' too much money, everybody mad
The same old nigga from the block
The same old nigga with the pot
The same old nigga from the trap
Everybody hated on him, then he bounced right back
Gettin' to the money
