
Feminist: The person who believes in the social, political, and economic equality of the sexes

[Beyoncé]
You wake up? Flawless!
Post up? Flawless!
Ridin' round in it? Flawless!
Flossin' on that? Flawless!
This diamond? Flawless!
My diamond? Flawless!
This rock? Flawless!
My Roc? Flawless!


I woke up like this, I woke up like this
We flawless, ladies, tell 'em
I woke up like this, I woke up like this
We flawless, ladies, tell 'em
Say, I look so good tonight
Goddamn, goddamn!
Say, I look so good tonight
Goddamn, goddamn, goddamn!

I wake up looking this good tonight
(Goddamn, goddamn)
And I wouldn’t change it if I could
And you can say what you want, I’m the shit
I’m the shit, I’m the shit, I’m the shit
I want everyone to feel like this tonight
(Goddamn, goddamn, goddamn!)

It stay Yoncé, your Yoncé
In that lingerie, on that chardonnay
Scoring touchdowns on your runway
I'm Texas forever, like Bun B
And I'm Redboned, yo
I'm really rit' like Donjae
I'm camo in here, yo
These thots can't clock me nowadays
You wish I was your pound cake
Boy, you know I look good as fuck
Wish I was your baby momma
Want me to come around and give you good karma, but no!
We escalating, up in this bitch, like elevato
Of course sometimes shit go down
When it's a billion dollars on an elevator
Of course sometimes shit go down
When it's a billion dollars on an elevator, ooh
Haha! Goddamn, goddamn, goddamn!

[Nicki Minaj &amp; (Beyoncé)]
Looking Trinidadian
Japanese and Indian
Got Malaysian, got that yaki
That wavy Brazilian, uhn!
(Them bitches thirsty, I’m Hungarian)
(Nicki, B, be eating diamond fangs, barbarian, raah!)

[Nicki Minaj]
Yo, like MJ doctor, they killing me
Propofol, I know they hope I fall
But tell ‘em winning, is my motherfuckin’ protocol
‘Cause I score, before I ever throw the ball
These bitches washed up and ain’t no fuckin’ soap involved, uhn!
This every hood nigga dream, fantasizing about Nicki and B
Curvalicious, pussy served delicious
Mayday, mayday, Earth to bitches
Slap these hoes on they ass, like we birthing bitches, uhn!
The Queen of rap, slayin' with Queen B
If you ain’t on the team, you playin’ for team D
'Cause we A-listers, uh we paid sisters
This watch right here, done phased blizzards
I confess, I woke up like this
All this drank in my cup like this
All this ass on that flawless dick
Instagram, another flawless pic
Flawless city, with these flawless titties
I got all these hundreds, you got all them fifties
I’m with some flawless bitches, 'cause they more than pretty
'Cause niggas love bad bitches that be on they grizzly
Throw that ass back, I be on my frisbee
Princess-cut diamonds, on my Disney
He want Monster Nicki, in Sri Lanka
I told him: Meet me at the Trump, Ivanka
I said: Come here, let me show you how this cookie taste
This that: Yeah nigga, eat the cookie, face

[Beyoncé]
Momma taught me good home training
My daddy taught me how to love my haters
My sister told me I should speak my mind
My man made me feel so goddamn fine
I'm flawless

(Right, right, right, right)
