
[Kelly Clarkson]
Hello gorgeous, let's check out how you look today
Short and stubby, oh my gosh, look how much you weigh!
You're pinkish red, got this thing on your head, and whoa
Girl, you couldn't look better
Shake the sleep off, and kick into the morning drill
It's another awesome day here in Uglyville
Grab your shoes, time to spread the good news, whoa
Things just couldn't be better


Call it hope or faith (or whatever)
I just know in my heart, it's the day I've waited forever

'Cause there's a scrambled sun in a tangled sky
And the moon couldn't be any brighter
And as [?] city goes rocking by
Oh my head couldn't feel any lighter
It's like a funhouse ride, the kind you just can't miss
Call it crazy, and yet, is there anything better than this?
Life just couldn't be better than this

[Blake Shelton, Wanda Skyes, Unknown TBA]
Nevermind then, I'll tell you what the day will bring
First a shindig, then a bash, then more partying
Top it off with a rave and a ball (oh whoa)
Yeah, you know it couldn't be better
Morning, Loxy! Got something new you wanna try?
It's a brownie cupcake fudge berry ice cream pie
Just one bite, who these kids? Am I right? [?]
It just couldn't taste better

[Kelly Clarkson, (Blake Shelton), Unknown TBA]
And soon, you know what is coming?
But until it arrives, might as well keep the party coming (yee haw!)

Yes, it's a square peg life in a round hotel
But the folks couldn't be any sweeter (Sweeter)
It may be upside, backwards and wrong side down
But it just couldn't feel more completer

And there's so much to do
And it's all such bliss
There's no reason to fret
What could ever be better than this?
No, it couldn't get better than

[Pitbull]
Stop the press, ugly dog is here
Story of the day, of the month, of the year
[?], check out the flow
The cats are rapping, lobster snapping
But only the dog makes the party happen
[?] in your paper, [?]
It couldn't bet better than this

And it's a madhouse night in a crazy quilt
And our hearts couldn't soar any higher
We've got our freak flag flying, completely unbroken
And we just couldn't be more flyer
And life's a nonstop blast, it's of awesomeness
Yeah, it's crazy you bet, but it couldn't get better
It's crazy you bet, and it couldn't get better
It's as good as it gets, and it never gets better
It could ever be (ever be)
Better than this
Could it be better than this?

[Kelly Clarkson]
Guess another sun has set
And another moon has smiled
I'm still just one more doll
Still waiting for her child
I'm sure it's gonna happen
Just like he story says
There's a new day round the corner
And it just might be the day
