
Well, thank you, mr. jitters.
Thank you, mister jitters.


The official soviet newspaper said, the temple members have protested the mindless
arms waste from the filthy war in vietnam. and were persecuted and finally forced to
seek refuge in another country. wow. sounds like a ballad to me, oh man.
Bankok, thailand, they've launched an air-sea search for a fishing boat carrying
some foreign ietnamese refugees, the boat was towed back out to sea for a ride in
thailand. sources said that it was because of a breakdown in communicatin. oh lord,
the boat was towed into thai waters by a german freighter and the thai navy are
unaware that the refugees have been guaranteed a resettlement and worst the only
took the boat out to sea after providing all passengers with provision.
Hey, that's deep man.

The chinese newspapers have made the first reference to the country's curtain wall
posted campaign according to vice premiar deng xiaoping. and said that the country's
stable and its leaders are confident and planning modernisation and programs., oh
this should get me in the village bar.
Deng gave blessing to the campaig but he commented not all the opinionsof the masses
are carefully thought out nor can we demand that they all be correct. adding this is
nothing terrible. it' bad enough, but its not terrible.
From a prison, richard nixon, on his second trip outside the united states, sent his
fesignation with a smiling hand shake politician again. greedy crowds outside his
hotel, and trying a little french.
They sure as hell didn't try it on pam nixon., mr. nixon is in paris and inside this
suite to be interviewed on french television. they thought of going on to deliver a
speech in england, he'll participate in the french collegue program and said he will
answer questions in welsh.

That's pretty big mr. m. ahhh, i'm so cynical, i could just keep on doing this
forever because, you know, they ain't gonna be lookin' for my golden bunnions in a
hundred years from now. they're gonna be sellin' my socks like judy garland. and i
hope that they get a good price. i mean, with the inflation and the price of rice.
man, i shouldn't worry, i own all my songs and i wrote them myself too.
I got 24 children, 14 wives, 3 mistresses, 59 accountants, 105 lawyers, 2000.000
fans, a posted system that never fails to land me in jail. and look through my mail.
perhaps have a garage sale. and you know, go save the whale, and a..you know, get a
boat and go for a sail, and, and, oh, oh, oh, oh, how do you get out of this hell?
stuck inside of a lexicon with the roger thesaurus blues again.
Sometimes i wish i was just george harrison, you know all the answers, oh my god, oh
my god.
