
As I was driving home along the boulevard late one night
I saw a guy in the corner, bumming all alone
As I passed him by, I heard him holler out: "Hey!"
I slowed down to see what he said, he said:
"Eh! By any chance, are you goin' my way?"
I said: "sure baby, hop on in and give me a cigarette"
Then he reached out in his pocket
And that was the moment I regret
Well now boy "Reach for the sky!"
Because I don't understand, sir
"Don't you try no monkey business, I got a stopper in my hand!"


An' then he said: "You see this rock I got in my hand?
This is a 38 pistol built on a 45 frame
It shoots tombstone bullets an' a ball and chain!"
He said: "I ain't tryin' to shake you up, but I just want you to know
If the cops start to crowding me in
You're gonna be the first to go!
You just drive on just like there ain't nothin' happenin'"
That's what he told me, he wouldn't even let me look back at nothin'

And he said: "when you get to that red light
I want you to jump back your left and then switch back your right"
He said: "Now, I want you to park up in that alley
Ah ah, not that alley, that one over there
And cool it behind that liquor store
And keep a sharp lookout at all times
While I sneak in that back door"
That's what he told me
He said:"keep your foot on the gas
And always be on guard
'cos when I come runnin' out the liquor store with all that money
He wanted me to mash on it real hard
He said: "Now don't you come out of there an' try me a double-crossed
Because it's murder when the heats on!"

Well now boy "Reach for the sky!"
Yeah but I don't understand, sir
"Don't you try no monkey business, I got a stopper in my hand!"

Ooeee, while I was sittin' there just tremblin'
A spotlight hit me dead in the face
An' a cop pulled up behind me and said:
"Move up a bit man, for we want to take your place!"
An' then this guy come runnin' out of the store with the money in his hand
And said "Oh there you are!"
He made a mistake in the dark and ran and leaped in the police car!
When they put the handcuffs on him
I said: "Child, your crime must have outgrew him!"
An' then they said: "Yeh, we gonna put him so far back in jail this time

That they're gonna have to pump air into him!"

Well now boy "reach for the sky"
Yeah but I said, I don't understand sir
Don't you try no monkey business, I got a stopper in my hand
